data_index,documents,publications,dates,dates_period,vader_final_negative,vader_final_neutral,vader_final_positive,blob_final_negative,blob_final_neutral,blob_final_positive,total_final_negative,total_final_positive,total_final_neutral
0,"Remain campaign supporters are rushing to blame Brexit backers for today’s horrific attack on Labour MP Jo Cox. [Just an hour after a    man allegedly shot and stabbed Mrs. Cox, who had been campaigning for Britain to remain in the EU, many online are seeking to tar with the same brush all those behind Brexit.  There is currently no indication that the attacker was a Brexit campaigner, and reports over his shout of “Britain First”  —   the name of an   nationalist group  —   have had doubts cast upon them by Channel 5 news. Yet in 2010, when   sympathiser Roshonara Choudhry stabbed Stephen Timms, the Labour MP for East Hams, many of those same voices rushed to insist that it had “nothing to do with Islam” and “Muslims can’t be blamed”. London Evening Standard front ’Remain MP Gunned Down In The Street’ pic. twitter.   —   Allie   (@AllieHBNews) June 16, 2016,  Newspapers and websites around the world have also jumped to label the attacker a “Brexit supporter” and the victim a Remainer  —   despite the fact little is know about his political affiliations. The Evening Standard described Ms. Cox as a “Remain MP” on their front page tonight. “HORRIFIC ATTACK: MP shot, stabbed by #Brexit supporter” is the headline on one Australian site. A Belgium paper used: “Brexit: a   MP wounded by gunfire in the north of England”. @mickfisk Jo was known for her support for Syrian refugees. The gunman shouted “Britain First”. Is this what Brexit has to offer.  —   Shirley Joseph (@shirl_joseph) June 16, 2016,  @DJPNZ Brexit focus on immigration, stoking up fear of anyone foreign. Man shoots  stabs Remain MP shouting Britain first. There’s a link,  —   ClaudineLewis (@QuietNotStupid) June 16, 2016,  Le Pen’s approval of the Spectator’s Brexit leader, Farage’s racist poster, poor Jo Cox. I wonder what is being unleashed and legitimised,  —   Chris Deerin (@chrisdeerin) June 16, 2016,  I see an elderly Brexit nutjob has shot + stabbed a   MP while shouting ’Britain First’. Truly a credit to the Brexit demographic  :   —   Alex P (@alexperryman) June 16, 2016,  Shooter of MP Jo Cox allegedly shouted ”Britain First”. A wake up call for aggressive #Brexit  ?  —   Juhana Harju (@jharju) June 16, 2016,  If you ally yourself with Brexit, you are doing so alongside the piece of shit who screamed ’Britain First’ while shooting an MP today.  —   (((Liz Tray))) (@LizTray) June 16, 2016,  Sad to see Remainers use Jo Cox’s shooting to attack Brexiteers when both sides have suspended campaigning pic. twitter.   —   Asa Bennett (@asabenn) June 16, 2016,  Islamist attack= ”nothing to do with islam, how dare you politicize this””Britain first” alleged shooter= ”All of Brexit is to blame”  —   Tom (@Koryo1992) June 16, 2016,  MP Jo Cox shot outside Birstall library by man shouting ‘Britain First’ #Brexit https:  .  via @MetroUK,  —   Eliot Higgins (@EliotHiggins) June 16, 2016,  The ”Britain First”   attack on Labour MP Cox appears motivated by far right nationalist reaction to #Brexit+#Drumpf’s ”America 1st”  —   Russ Martocci (@GuitarSunCat) June 16, 2016,  I note Jo Cox MP was campaigning against #Brexit. Was the assassination attempt a   of the violently polarizing referendum debate?  —   Charlie Stross (@cstross) June 16, 2016,  Terrible news about Jo Cox. Those spouting horrible xenophobic #Brexit rhetoric should rethink their tone and what they’re saying.  —   Pericles (@Jonny_Faulkner) June 16, 2016, ",Breitbart,2016-06-16,2016-06,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,0
1,"The EU may be agreed on its response to Britain’s vote to leave, but on one key question it remains divided: is Brexit masculine or feminine? In French, Britain’s decision to leave the European Union is known as le Brexit, either  —   although the Académie Française has yet to rule on the question  —   because new words in French are almost invariably masculine, or because nouns ending in “t” mostly are (with a few exceptions: la nuit, la forêt, la plupart). Germany, also, appears to have pretty much decided that der Brexit is a male thing. This might seem odd since several German nouns ending in “it” (das Fazit, meaning conclusion, das Dynamit, dynamite) are neither masculine nor feminine, but neuter. But as any German learner knows, what makes a noun feminine, masculine or neuter in German is somewhat less clear than in Latin languages. Der Brexit may be inspired  —   perhaps unwisely  —   by the equally masculine der Profit, or more likely by the fact that the German word for exit, der Austritt, is masculine. Spain, too, has plumped for el Brexit, like most English loan words that become masculine by default in Spanish. That’s because they rarely end in “o” (generally masculine) or “a” (generally feminine) like most Spanish nouns, and given the choice, Spain, being a Latin country, opts for male. Italy, for the time being at least, is resisting the trend  —   and its language police, the Accademia della Crusca, has published a fabulously lengthy explanation as to why. Debating whether Italians should say plain Brexit (without a preceding article) il Brexit or la Brexit, the academy finds firmly in favour of the last. “It seems preferable to make Brexit feminine,” it said, “since etymologically, the component exit has a corresponding Italian noun, ‘uscita’” which is feminine. Moreover, it adds, use of a preceding article would be in line with other loan words describing “real or hypothetical events . .. indicating complex scenarios” such as la perestrojka and il global warming. As with most things in Europe, France and Germany, once agreed, are likely to end up on the winning side in the Brexit gender war, as the former Labour Europe minister Denis MacShane observed in a tweet. Britain, for its part, will doubtless hope for more disunity once the real Brexit battle starts. ",Guardian,2016-10-19,2016-10,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
2," Theresa May’s insistence on starting Brexit negotiations next Monday is questioned by Britons who think the prime minister’s calamitous election setback means she should now seek to stay in the EU single market. However, in the year since Britain voted to leave the European Union, the other 27 EU states have hardened their common position and narrowed British options for avoiding a ”hard Brexit”. The following scenarios touch on what may happen now voters have dashed May’s hopes for a bigger majority to negotiate and left her dependent on   Ulster Protestants and on political rivals reportedly eyeing their moment to oust her. 1. HARD, SMOOTH BREXIT May, a former supporter of EU membership, filed for divorce in March, meaning Britain would leave the single market and customs union and end EU court oversight, EU budget payments and free migration from the EU to Britain. After a transition period, May wants an   free trade pact. Under Article 50 of the EU treaty, Britain will no longer be a member on March 30, 2019, whether or not the two sides agree a deal to avoid leaving businesses and citizens in a legal limbo. The EU priority is ”damage control” by limiting the economic disruption and saving the Union. That would curb discord and any further breakaways by showing Britain was no better off out. EU Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier has instructions to seek a deal that preserves the rights of 3 million EU citizens in Britain, recovers money owed by London (possibly $65 billion) and limits any damage to Irish peace from a ”hard”   land border. If ”significant progress” is made on that, EU leaders may then open talks on a transition to a free trade agreement. In this ideal scenario for Brussels, the outline divorce is set by the end of this year, agreed in full by late 2018 and ratified by lawmakers by March 2019. There would then be several years of transition to a new treaty, even deeper than a trade pact with Canada, plus close cooperation on security and science. BUT. ..Brussels hoped May would win a big majority to help her sell compromises needed for this scenario. Some EU officials now doubt she can remain in power if she accepts too many European demands. 2. HARD BREXIT WITH NO DEAL May has said ”no deal is better than a bad deal”. BUT. ..EU leaders think she is bluffing because no deal would spell economic and legal chaos. Yet EU officials have grown increasingly worried that both sides may box themselves in, with little time left. Before the election, May and her ministers said they would not pay the EU billions on leaving and want trade talks now. Barnier, meanwhile, cannot stray from his mandate without a new, unanimous agreement of the 27. While neither side of the negotiations wants potentially chaotic limbo, a breakdown could leave both with a messy and unpopular   fix. 3. NO BREXIT A year ago, 48 percent of Britons voted to stay in the EU, including most lawmakers from the main parties, most Scots and most in Northern Ireland. Some still cling to the hope of the Brexit process being reversed. BUT. ..That hope seems forlorn now that both big British parties now accept Brexit, as does Brussels. First, Britain would need a new government which wants to stop it. Neither a Conservative party coup against May nor a   coalition led by Jeremy Corbyn’s Labour, possibly after a new election, seems likely to deliver that. Second, it would have to overturn a British legal opinion that the request to leave under Article 50 cannot be revoked. Third, it would need the EU to agree, most likely by unanimous vote of all 27. And it might mean taking time for another British referendum. Formally, EU leaders insist they would rather Britain not leave. But the prevailing view in private is that the Union is safer without a big member that has always been lukewarm on the project and is now so divided as to be unreliable. 4. LATE BREXIT Political chaos in Britain has prompted calls for more time to negotiate, possibly on different terms from those May has sought. Article 50 allows for an extension to the   deadline if the other states unanimously agree. BUT. ..EU leaders will hesitate to open a divisive issue among them and want Britain out before European Parliament elections in May 2019. The   deadline is designed to weaken the leavers’ hand. 5. ENGLISH BREXIT Scotland’s government wants a special deal to stay in the single market or, if not, to secede and stay in or rejoin the EU. Ireland’s EU commissioner has espoused the idea of keeping Northern Ireland in the EU customs union. May’s unionist allies in the province also want to avoid a hard border. BUT. ..On Scotland, May and the EU doubt a ”differentiated deal” on trade and migration can work, while Spain, battling Catalan separatists, may block it. Electoral losses for the Scottish nationalists have also weakened their hand to threaten a new independence vote. On Ireland, such a scenario appears hugely complicated without raising some form of trade barriers between Northern Ireland and the rest of the UK. That would be anathema to the hardline Protestant DUP. 6. SOFT BREXIT This could be the key battleground in the coming months. Many Brexit opponents suggest that, if it goes ahead, Britain should at least stay in the single market for the sake of jobs and trade. BUT. ..While EU leaders do not rule that out, they have set tough conditions similar to those imposed on Norway, which can access EU markets in return for cash contributions, taking EU migrants as well as refugees and observing rules overseen by EU courts. Such terms are far from what Brexit supporters want and also rob Britain of its big say on EU policy. And Europeans, as well as May, rule out ”cherry picking” deals that give Britain access to certain EU markets, like banking. EU leaders say that would risk undermining the whole single market. British proponents of soft Brexit say the EU, especially big exporters to Britain, could be persuaded. But the bloc seems for now committed to not breaking ranks. So talks on ”soft Brexit” could be a waste of time. In October, EU summit chair Donald Tusk said: ”The only real alternative to a ’hard Brexit’ is ’no Brexit’.” Pushing soft Brexit over hard is seen increasing the risk of replacing a smooth Brexit with rough.   (Editing by Mike  ) DOHA Qatar announced plans for a steep rise in Liquified Natural Gas (LNG) production capacity on Tuesday that suggested it was ready for a protracted dispute with Gulf neighbors, but Doha said it was doing all it could to reach agreement.     forces edged into the final redoubts of the two capitals of Islamic State’s   caliphate in Iraq and Syria on Tuesday, hampered by fierce resistance from the militants and the presence of human shields. ",Reuters,2017-06-11,2017-06,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
3,"Ulster’s Democratic Unionist Party, which is expected to prop up Theresa May’s minority government over the coming months, has spurned Tory Remainers who hoped they would force the Prime Minister to ask the EU for a   ‘Soft Brexit’. [According to ITV’s Robert Peston, a source within the DUP “was very keen to be quoted” as saying that his party “completely backs [May’s] vision of Brexit”  —   and not that of her Chancellor of the Exchequer, Philip Hammond.  While both May and Hammond campaigned for a Remain vote during the EU referendum, the Prime Minister has subsequently endorsed what supporters call a “Clean Brexit“ taking Britain out of the bloc’s Single Market and its associated Free Movement regime, as well as the Customs Union which precludes   from conducting an independent trade policy. Remain diehards, who want a ‘Soft Brexit’ in which Britain would remain party to the Single Market and Customs Union in order to maintain the closest possible links to the European Union, term this a “Hard” or “Extreme” Brexit. Hammond’s team at HM Treasury  —   the engine room of the Remain campaign’s ‘Project Fear‘ under his predecessor George Osborne  —   are said to have entered “  mode” as he canvasses support for such a deal. DUP backs Theresa May’s vision of Brexit, not Philip Hammond’s  —   ITV News https:  .   —   Robert Peston (@Peston) June 15, 2017,  If Peston’s source is reliable, however, it seems the ‘Soft Brexit’ faction have lost crucial leverage. It had been claimed that the DUP, which is keen to see a minimum of economic friction between Ulster and the Irish Republic after Brexit, would at least back their calls for Britain to stay in the Customs Union. The ITV presenter has been led to believe that the DUP is “100 per cent committed to the UK leaving the Single Market AND the Customs Union”  —   having preferred to use its bargaining power to press for plans to introduce   for the winter fuel allowance and scrap the pensions triple lock to be dropped. Leavers within the Government are predicting ferocious resistance to Brexit from without the Cabinet as well as within, with one minister predicting  “utterly bitter, trench warfare” as opposition politicians and Tory rebels “fight us line by line, in committees, on the floor and in the Lords, for months and months on end. ”",Breitbart,2017-06-16,2017-06,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
4,"Actor Matt Damon has weighed into the UK referendum debate by calling Brexit an “insane idea” during his commencement speech at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT). [Speaking before the graduating class of 2016, Damon rubbished the idea that Britain should leave the European Union (EU) also opining on the migrant crisis in Europe and of course, climate change.  He began: “Or the Brexit  —   for God’s sakes, that insane idea that the best path for Britain is to cut loose from Europe and drift out to sea. I mean what is Europe even going to look like in 25 years?” “Turn toward the problems that you see,” he told the audience. “You have to engage. ’’ His comments have not been well met by Britons on Twitter however, who have bemoaned the fact that yet another   American voice is chiming into the debate about British sovereignty and  . #MattDamon so pleased to hear another American opinion on the British right to govern ourselves   —   Kerrina Phillips (@KerrinaP) June 3, 2016,  Matt Damon: ”Brexit, for God’s sake, that insane idea that the best path for Britain is to cut loose from Europe.” pic. twitter.   —   Harry Cole (@MrHarryCole) June 3, 2016,  Finally we get Matt Damon’s thoughts on the Brexit https:  .   —   Adam Taylor (@mradamtaylor) June 3, 2016,  @mattdamon_ How about you pay me £13 billion a year and then I tell you what you are allowed to do for the rest of your life? Deal? #Brexit,  —   Max Gomila (@max1e6) June 3, 2016,  Matt Damon on Brexit: ”insane idea” that UK would ”cut loose from Europe and drift out to sea.”   clearly not his forte.  —   Harry Cole (@MrHarryCole) June 3, 2016,  According to Matt Damon, #Brexit will cause us to float out to sea! A fine grasp on geology let alone politics! https:  .   —   Ian Moone (@citizenmoone) June 3, 2016,  #MattDamon has condemned #Brexit. Now that’s really thrown me. I was all for it, but now I just don’t know! Thanks, Matt. #VoteLeave,  —   TerenceJay (@TerenceJayU) June 3, 2016,    A spookily prescient Daily Mail article from April however did mention that Mr. Damon visited a pub in Britain, noting: “Thankfully, Damon did not bore locals with his views on Brexit”. He appears to have changed his approach to the subject, opting to bore a class of MIT graduates instead. ",Breitbart,2016-06-03,2016-06,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
5,"According to Downing Street, a second Brexit referendum is “not remotely on the cards. ” Listening to the British Left, however, you’d think a repeat vote was already a done deal. After all, even though a clear majority of Britons voted to leave the EU last Thursday, liberal elites have rejected said majority’s verdict. Instead, they have focused on three potential scenarios that would prevent Brexit. First off, consider the Scottish National Party (SNP) led by Nicola Sturgeon. Dedicated to socialism first and nationalism second, the SNP is threatening to veto Brexit. Constitutionally the SNP cannot do this, but it wants to use Brexit as a weapon to extract financial concessions from Westminster. As I noted during Scotland’s 2014 referendum on whether to remain in the U. K. Scotland’s economy is inherently weak, plagued by decades of   economic mismanagement. And today, because of the collapse in oil prices, were Parliament to cut off wealth transfers to Scotland, it would become a colder, albeit     version of Venezuela. The SNP leadership knows this. And for that reason they will likely accept a deal that grants some form of EU rights in terms of movement of persons and access to markets, alongside new money from Parliament. Still, by using the referendum’s outcome as a blackmail weapon, the SNP is making Brexit more complicated and unnecessarily expensive by likely requiring further subsidy payments from Westminster to the Scottish Parliament at Holyrood. Next up is last Friday’s   comment by the user “Teebs” on the Guardian’s opinion website. Teebs claims that   MP Boris Johnson (the likely replacement for David Cameron) will have to abandon Brexit: “If he runs for leadership of the party, and then fails to follow through on triggering article 50 [starting the   countdown for UK withdrawal] then he is finished. . . . If he runs, wins, and pulls the UK out of the EU, then it will all be over  —   Scotland will break away, there will upheaval in Ireland, a recession . . . broken trade agreements. Then he is also finished. ” Teebs continues, “Brexit is unachievable in reality without an enormous amount of pain and destruction that cannot be borne. ” This comment has sent the British intellectual Left into emotional rapture. It must, so the desperate consensus goes, be right! But Teebs here expresses a confidence unbound from reality. Whether Britain’s next prime minister is Johnson or someone else, and whether or not a recession looms, the next occupant of No. 10 Downing Street will not be able to escape implementing Brexit, because it represents the vested will of the British people. Constitutional convention and democratic responsibility require its fulfillment. This was the existential purpose of the referendum: to settle the question. But while Teebs’s analysis is misguided, it is not without support. On the contrary,   Britons are desperately calling for a second ballot, or a rejection of the first referendum, or something  —   anything  —   to stop Brexit. Joining a flood of yuppie   posters attacking   voters as psychopathic idiots, the Brexit rejectionists are, put simply, sore losers. Instead of accepting the referendum’s outcome, they hope their wailing and screeching and media preaching will shame conservatives and their fellow   liberals into surrender. It’s not going to happen, but it does muddy the waters. Absurd as the aforementioned   forces might be, they are not unique to Britain. Consider today’s Brexit assessment from the Washington Post: “Brexit is a reminder that some things just shouldn’t be decided by referendum. ” Decrying Brexit’s trust in individual freedom, the Post draws parallels to America by lamenting California’s 1978    ballot restriction. It would be funny were it not sad. Regardless, the timeline and shape of Brexit is not yet clear. But two things are clear: It will happen, and the Left is openly disdainful of the democratic process that led to it. A new paraphrase of the classic Orwellian motto springs to mind: “All questions are equal, but some answers are more equal than others. ”  —   Tom Rogan writes for National Review Online and Opportunity Lives. He is a panelist on The McLaughlin Group and a senior fellow at the Steamboat Institute. He tweets @TomRtweets. ",National Review,2016-06-27,2016-06,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,0
6,".@Varneyco: Donald Trump could be the next ”Brexit” here in the U. S. https:  .  Thursday on Fox News Channel’s “Fox  Friends,” Fox Business Network host Stuart Varney noted the parallels between the movement to elect Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump and the vote early this year for Great Britain to leave the European Union, which was known as Brexit.  In a tweet earlier, Trump declared himself to be called “Mr. Brexit,” to which Varney said Trump had every right to do so. They will soon be calling me MR. BREXIT!  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 18, 2016,  “Brexit was the vote, do we stay in Europe or leave for the British,” Varney said. “Now, everybody in the establishment in Britain said, ‘We got to stay.’ Government, business, academics, media. Universally, the establishment said we got to say. They voted to leave. ” “The polls were wrong up to the last minute,” Varney said. “Now, Donald Trump is drawing a parallel to the election here and rightly so because some of the issues are the same  —   immigration, control your own destiny. That was the issue in Brexit. That’s to some degree the issue in America. The polls are suggesting that Trump loses in a landslide. Well, let’s see what happens in November. But the main point is that the establishment in America, universally, opposes Donald Trump, just the way they universally opposed leaving Britain. There is a parallel between the two. I think Donald Trump is right to call himself Mr. Brexit. ” Follow Jeff Poor on Twitter @jeff_poor",Breitbart,2016-08-18,2016-08,0,1,0,1,0,0,1,0,0
7," Britain’s Theresa May told her party on Monday she would serve as prime minister as long as they wanted after a botched election gamble cost the party its majority in parliament and weakened London’s hand days before formal Brexit negotiations. With British politics thrust into the deepest turmoil since last June’s shock Brexit vote, EU leaders were left wondering how the divorce talks would open next week. Despite her party’s expectations of a landslide victory, May lost her majority in parliament, pushing her into rushed talks on a support agreement with a small eurosceptic Northern Irish Protestant party with 10 parliamentary seats. May faced Conservative party lawmakers at a meeting of its 1922 Committee. Despite anger at the election, she was cheered briefly at the start of the meeting. ”She said ’I’m the person who got us into this mess and I’m the one who is going to get us out of it,’” said one Conservative lawmaker who attended. ”She said she will serve us as long as we want her.” Lawmakers, who are by tradition not named at such meetings, told Reuters that there were no dissenting voices and that the party had no appetite for a leadership election. May appeared contrite, sought to apologize for her failed election gamble and gave an explanation of what went wrong. While some members of her party have said she will have to go eventually, May is expected to stay on as prime minister at least for now. May has promised to start the formal Brexit talks next week but her authority has collapsed since the election result and  opponents took her woes as a chance to push back against her Brexit strategy. During the campaign, May cast herself as the only leader competent enough to navigate the tortuous Brexit negotiations that will shape the future of the United Kingdom and its $2. 5 trillion economy. At the meeting with lawmakers in Parliament, May recognized that a broader consensus needed to be built for Brexit and made clear that she would listen to all wings of the party on the issue. She mocked Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn, a socialist, as incompetent and unrealistic, but his electoral campaign energized the youth vote and wiped out the Conservatives’ majority in parliament. May plans a clean break from the EU, involving withdrawal from Europe’s single market and customs union and limits on immigration from the EU. MAY’S BREXIT?  Her spokesman insisted her position on Brexit remained unchanged but Scottish Conservatives were pushing for her to move the focus onto economic growth and away from immigration, sources in the Scottish branch of the party said. EU talks might not begin on June 19 as expected, Brexit minister David Davis said and the Queen’s Speech, due on the same day in which the government traditionally spells out its policy plans, has also been delayed, the BBC reported. May wants to negotiate the divorce and the future trading relationship with the EU before Britain leaves in March 2019, followed by what she calls a phased implementation process to give business time to prepare for the impact of the divorce. But her election failure means she must now go into Britain’s most complex negotiations since World War Two with her eye firmly on the different factions within her Conservative Party, which has been divided over EU membership for a generation. Opponents of a sharp break include Ruth Davidson, leader of the Scottish Conservatives. who helped the party win 12 more seats in Scotland in contrast to losses elsewhere. She has called for a closer relationship with the EU after Brexit. ”There can be changes in the offer of Brexit as we go forward,” Davidson told reporters in London after meeting May. ”What’s clear is that there is going to be a real imperative on the economic impact of Brexit, to make sure that Brexit works for the whole country, to make that we’re able to pursue free trade,” Davidson said. [L8N1J923P] May’s spokesman said it remained government policy to cut net migration to under 100, 000 and Brexit Minister David Davis also said walking away without securing a deal with the remaining 27 EU states remained a possibility. While Britons voted by 52 to 48 percent for Brexit in last year’s referendum, Scots strongly backed staying in the bloc and  Nicola Sturgeon, First Minister in Scotland’s devolved assembly, said a   Hard Brexit was ”dead in the water”. Ratings agency Moody’s and Irish Prime   Leo Varadkar also said the election made the opportunity of a ”Soft Brexit” more likely, but Davis downplayed the chances of Britain staying in the single market. PRIME MINISTER MAY?  Before the government can do anything it must finalize a deal with the Northern Irish Democratic Unionist Party (DUP). May is due to meet its leader Arlene Foster on Tuesday.  In an article in the Belfast Telegraph, Foster listed three priorities, including getting Northern Ireland’s devolved   government at Stormont working again. ”We stood on a clear policy platform of wanting to strengthen the Union, of working for a good deal for Northern Ireland as the United Kingdom leaves the EU, and of promising to do our best to get Stormont up and running again for the benefit of all,” Foster wrote. ”We will use the position we find ourselves in to do as we promised.” Davis, who said that some policies in the government’s program would now be pruned back, was one of a number of senior Conservatives to publicly pledge loyalty to May. Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson, who is touted as the favorite to replace May should she be forced out, called on colleagues to rally behind her. However, George Osborne, a former finance minister who is now editor of London’s Evening Standard newspaper and a vocal critic of May, said she appeared a ”dead woman walking”. Britain’s descent into political crisis just days before the Brexit talks begin has sapped confidence amongst business leaders and infuriated bosses who were already grappling with the fallout from the vote to leave the EU.  The uncertainty has hit business confidence, according to a survey by the Institute of Directors (IoD). It found a negative swing of 34 points in confidence from its last survey in May. The pound slid to its lowest level for nearly two months after the vote, but the fall was much less severe than the one sparked by the Brexit vote in June 2016. On Monday, the currency was under pressure once again.   ”The UK has had a reputation, earned over the generations, for stability and predictability in its government,” said a senior executive at a   company listed on the London FTSE 100, speaking on condition of anonymity.  ”That reputation in 12 months has been destroyed, truly destroyed. First by Brexit and now through this election. That has really profound implications for multinational businesses that have made a   bet on London being the sensible place to base themselves.”  (Additional reporting by Elizabeth Piper, Michael Holden, Kate Holton, Elisabeth O’Leary, Kylie MacLellan, William James, Alistair Smout and James Davey; Writing by Guy Faulconbridge; Editing by Tom Heneghan) SEOUL North Korea said on Wednesday its newly developed intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) can carry a large nuclear warhead, triggering a call by Washington for global action to hold it accountable for pursuing nuclear weapons. WASHINGTON U. S. President Donald Trump will get a chance to patch up   ties this week when he meets with NATO allies still rattled by his failure on an earlier trip to embrace the principle that an attack against one member is an attack against all. ",Reuters,2017-06-12,2017-06,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
8," British officials held ”talks about talks” with the European Union’s Brexit man in Brussels on Monday but actual negotiations, scheduled to start in a week’s time, may be delayed by political upheaval in London. As Prime Minister Theresa May tried to shore up her authority after losing her Conservative government’s majority in an election she had called to strengthen her hand in the EU talks, her Brexit Secretary David Davis said negotiations may not now start on June 19 as May had previously said.  That is because she is also trying to schedule the formal debate of her new government program for next week and had on Monday yet to agree a final deal with the small Northern Irish Protestant party on whose support she will rely in parliament. The top civil servant in Davis’s Brexit ministry, Oliver Robbins, and Britain’s EU envoy met chief EU Brexit negotiator Michel Barnier over lunch, EU and British officials said. They discussed how talks could proceed, a year after Britons voted to leave the bloc, but set no date for the start of talks on the substance of a withdrawal scheduled for March 2019. EU officials said they were ready to talk now and handed Robbins texts of their position on two priority issues   rights for EU citizens in Britain and London’s financial obligations on departure. An EU summit which May will attend next Thursday and Friday might mean delaying the launch until the following week. May’s spokesman said the prime minister, who in March set Britain on a   countdown to leaving the EU that included a clean break with the bloc’s single market and customs union, was not changing her position on what she wants from Brussels. But there were new calls in London for her to retreat from a position that some critics call a ”hard Brexit” and seek a softer option. NEW TACK ON BREXIT? One senior   lawmaker who attended a party meeting with May   and who herself opposed Brexit last year   said the prime minister told them she wanted to build a ”consensus” on how to pull out of current arrangements with Britain’s main trading partner. ”She recognized the different views in the party on Brexit and she also recognized the need to not just reflect the party but indeed the parliament and the country,” the lawmaker said. Ruth Davidson, the influential leader of the Conservatives in Scotland, which voted heavily to remain in the EU last year and where May’s party won rather than lost seats on Thursday, called for a deal that put ”economic growth first” and said after the meeting with May that the Brexit policy could change. Those advocating a ”softer Brexit” notably in the world of  business, are especially keen not to erect new barriers to trade, possibly at the cost of accepting more rules set by the EU in Brussels. A source close to Davidson told Reuters she wanted a ”shift in thinking” that would put less emphasis on cutting immigration, a key issue in the Brexit referendum a year ago. Diplomats from some of the 27 other EU member states said they were willing to listen to new proposals from Britain. But many are also concerned that a sharp switch in direction could waste time to reach a deal on an orderly exit and could still fail to meet the approval of British voters. Cancelling Brexit   an option not endorsed by Britain’s main parties despite their opposition to it last year   or even stopping the clock to withdrawal in 22 months would require the unanimous approval of the 27. That could be hard to achieve. CUSTOMS UNION? Some Britons argue for staying in the EU’S single market but EU leaders insist that would require keeping Britain open to free immigration from the EU, accepting EU laws and paying into the bloc’s budget. That is something many in Britain oppose fiercely. One possibility for softening Brexit could be for Britain to remain, to some extent, within the EU’s customs area. That could solve problems for Northern Ireland, where even May’s   prospective allies want to keep the island’s land border open to avoid disrupting a    peace in the troubled province. It could also allay fears of disruption to complex supply chains for manufacturers, but a customs deal on goods would do little to help London’s big banking and insurance industries, which face exclusion from the   market in services. Finance industry chiefs told Reuters they were pushing ahead with plans to shift staff and operations to the continent since they could not afford to wait for details of an orderly Brexit deal and had to be prepared for talks breaking down. In another sign of economic actors taking decisions based on a view Britain will be isolated from its neighbors, a medical charity said the number of nurses from EU countries registering to work in Britain   a key part of the healthcare workforce   had dropped 96 percent since the Brexit referendum.  (Reporting by Alastair Macdonald; Editing by Tom Heneghan) LONDON Manchester Airport said on Wednesday that its Terminal 3 building was being evacuated due to a potential issue with a bag, which was being investigated. DUBAI Qatar faces further isolation and possible expulsion from the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) if its response to a list of demands made nearly two weeks ago is not satisfactory,   Gulf media said on Wednesday. ",Reuters,2017-06-12,2017-06,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
9," On Tuesday morning, Americans woke up to some confusing news: The United Kingdom is having a general election on June 8  —   even though the next one wasn’t supposed to happen until 2020.    ”I have concluded the only way to guarantee certainty and security for years ahead is to hold this election,” Prime Minister Theresa May said in a televised statement. “Division in [Parliament] will risk our ability to make a success of Brexit.” Under British law, all May needs to call a snap election is a   vote in the British Parliament, which she appears certain to get. The bigger question is why she would want to do this. For months, she’s been insisting she wouldn’t hold a snap election. And indeed, why would you want to hold an early election when you’re already prime minister and your Conservative Party holds over 100 more seats in Parliament than your nearest rival? Why take the risk? In a word: Brexit, the UK’s risky planned departure from the European Union.     This election will be a kind of second referendum on Brexit, one in which May is betting she can improve on her majority. But this gamble is just that  —   a gamble. The UK public remains deeply split on Brexit: An April YouGov poll found that 46 percent of Britons thought the country made the right decision, 42 percent thought it made the wrong one, and a shockingly high 11 percent remained unsure. British EU supporters will campaign hard to turn out   voters and convince undecideds, with a goal of preventing May from taking the hard line in negotiations with the EU that she currently wants.    The Tories are unlikely to outright lose control of government, and the Labour opposition is likely to remain in shambles owing to the unpopularity of its leader, Jeremy Corbyn. But May could nonetheless be dealt a major blow if there is a surge in support for the Liberal Democrats, a smaller party that opposes Brexit. Still, the prime minister has good reason to like her odds. The chart below, from the poll aggregator Britain Elects, shows that May’s Tories, in blue, have a massive and seemingly growing lead. Labour (in red) is in what seems like terminal decline  —   currently down 16 points to the Tories. (Given that it lost the last election by a 6.  margin, that would lead to a significant decline in parliamentary seats.) And the Liberal Democrats, in yellow, haven’t surged enough to make up the gap.            “[May’s lead] is enormous, and we know that Corbyn has been weak for ages  —   it’s a consistent pattern,” Pippa Norris, a Harvard political scientist who studies voting in Western democracies, says. “On the other hand, lots can happen in six weeks. ”    This election is all about Brexit The Conservatives control an outright majority in Parliament already, so May should theoretically be in a strong position. The problem, though, is that the Conservatives aren’t united on Brexit. The last UK election was held in May 2015, roughly a year before the Brexit vote. At the time, the Conservative Party was led by David Cameron, a vocal opponent of leaving the EU. The June 2016 Brexit referendum fight split the Tories, pitting Cameron against the euroskeptics in his own party. After the shocking vote to leave the EU, Cameron resigned. May, who had been a cabinet minister in Cameron’s government, took over from him with the party’s internal division still unhealed.    The point of this snap election is to unite her party  —   to grow the ranks of   Conservatives in Parliament and cement her legitimacy as the UK’s representative during Brexit, given that she never actually won an election. “She needs an election win to give her a mandate to lead the country, the Conservative Party and the Brexit negotiations,” Tim Oliver, a professor at the London School of Economics, explains via email. “The EU referendum result gives a mandate to leave the EU, but is not clear as to what ‘leave’ means and May needs a mandate from the people to back her interpretation of leave. ” Practically speaking, then, the stakes in this election are quite significant. The Brexit negotiations center on two issues: whether the UK will maintain its privileged access to EU markets when it’s out of the union and whether the UK will continue to allow unfettered immigration from EU countries. May’s position is that if the EU will not agree to let Britain place tight restrictions on EU immigration, she’s willing to accept EU tariffs on British goods  —   a dangerous stance given that about 44 percent of UK exports go to the EU. Essentially, she’s willing to risk causing a recession in order to put up new immigration restrictions, an outcome commonly referred to as “hard Brexit. ” This election will determine whether May has enough support, both from the public and from Parliament, to continue to take such a tough line. The EU negotiators will be watching closely. “It’s not whether or not Britain has a Brexit, but what type of Brexit  —   that’s the most likely outcome of the general election,” Norris says. “If Conservatives do well . .. that would reinforce the idea of a hard Brexit. ” Is May’s gamble smart?             Given the magnitude of the Brexit issue, there’s no question that it will dominate the election. The debate will be over May’s position versus a softer,   line  —   one that would be willing to compromise on immigration in exchange for maintaining market access.    The problem for Labour is that its leader,   firebrand Jeremy Corbyn, is a terrible messenger for the   cause.  Corbyn is a longtime euroskeptic. He opposed signing the 1993 Maastricht Treaty, which created the European Union as we know it. At the time, he gave a speech warning that the creation of the EU would be an “imposition of a bankers’ Europe on the people of this continent [that] will endanger the cause of socialism in the United Kingdom and in any other country.” During the runup to the June 2016 Brexit referendum, Corbyn took a   position  —   publicly opposing Brexit but failing to campaign hard against it. Many British politics observers think he secretly voted to leave. This equivocal stance on the EU, combined with Corbyn’s fringe   ideas and support base, have led to a collapse in Corbyn’s personal approval ratings and Labour’s poll numbers. About 62 percent of Britons see Corbyn unfavorably, according to the pollster YouGov. A   plurality of Labour voters see him negatively. “Under the leaderships of Jeremy Corbyn Labour has gone nowhere and is in complete disarray,” Oliver says. “This election could be a disaster for them on a scale we’ve not seen for a long time. ” May’s gamble, then, is that she’ll make gains at her main opposition’s expense  —   capitalizing on Labour weakness to build up her own votes. The issue, though, is that Labour isn’t the only game in town, and a third party might end up reaping the benefits of Labour’s decline. So even if May and the Tories maintain control of the premiership, as is widely expected, they could still end up being hurt by the vote.    The   Liberal Democrats  —   a moribund force in UK politics until last year  —   has remade itself into the main   party in the wake of Labour’s   under Corbyn. The Lib Dems, as they’re called, have seen their vote share rise steadily since the Brexit referendum  —   but their numbers aren’t high enough yet to pose a serious challenge to the Tories. It’s very possible that the Lib Dems surge in the heat of a campaign, leading to large gains at Labour’s expense while the Tories stay where they are or even roughly decline. If that happens  —   and there’s no guarantee it will  —   it would show that Britain isn’t in fact united in support of Brexit, weakening May’s negotiating stance and potentially transforming the nature of Britain’s departure from the UK entirely by forcing it to accept more permissive immigration rules and keep its economy more integrated with the rest of Europe’s. “The risk is that this opens up rather than closes down the issue if Theresa May doesn’t get a substantial endorsement on the policies on which she stands,” Norris says. “If the Lib Dems do well, that could soften the tone of the negotiations. ” With stakes this high, and a political scene this unsettled, the next six weeks in Britain will be very, very interesting. ",Vox,2017-04-18,2017-04,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
10," Donald Trump has a simple answer for people who look at his flagging poll numbers and pronounce him toast: Brexit.     Trump told rallygoers that the results on Election Day will “be like Brexit times five. ” Newt Gingrich says Trump’s odds of winning remain “very, very good” because “just as with the Brexit vote in Britain,” there are secret Trump supporters out there who don’t want to tell pollsters they are voting for him. Matthew Goodwin at Politico exhorted liberals on October 16 to “learn the lesson of Brexit” and not underestimate Trump’s chances of winning.  The truth, however, is that this notion of a secret,   Brexit surge is a myth. Or rather, a misremembering. What actually happened with Brexit is that experts and betting markets were confident that Brexit would fail despite polling that showed the vote as close. The final tally was not precisely in line with the polls, but it never is. The polls showed a close race, and the final vote was, in fact, close.  One certainly can’t say definitively that the current polls showing a   Clinton lead won’t change by Election Day. But there’s simply no available evidence to suggest that shy Trumpers or a Bradley effect or some kind of Brexit part two is lurking out there. Trump is behind in the polls because he will probably lose.     Brexit polling showed a close race            What actually happened with Brexit polling is that after a long period in which “Remain” had a clear lead and there were a relatively large number of undecided voters, the undecideds broke heavily in favor of “Leave” in the final weeks. By the end, the polls clearly showed a tight race with momentum on the side of Leave.     What’s true is that despite the close polls, betting markets showed heavy odds in favor of Remain. These markets are somewhat small and idiosyncratic, but it’s also clear from the broader reaction to Brexit in the foreign exchange markets that Leave’s victory was viewed as a big surprise. I have no particular insight into foreign exchange markets or British politics, so I can’t exactly tell you why that is.  What I can tell you is that I had the privilege of chairing a hastily assembled   planning meeting at Vox, and based on my “quickly look up the polling average” forecasting method, I determined that we should prewrite Leave Wins and Remain Wins articles and regard both outcomes as very possible.       The issue with Brexit wasn’t the polls showed a blowout, it was that the polls showed a close race, yet everyone thought Remain would win   —   Sean T at RCP (@SeanTrende) October 23, 2016    The moral here, to the extent that there is one, is the same as the moral of Trump’s primary victories  —   it pays to take the polls at face value. GOP primary polls consistently showed that Trump was winning, and he won. Brexit polls consistently showed that Leave was picking up steam, and it was.  There were no shy Trumpers in the primary A related idea is the notion that there may be “shy Trump voters” who secretly support him but are reluctant to tell that to pollsters because of social desirability bias. That kind of bias does pop up in polls from time to time.  But the GOP primary gives us a test of the thesis, and it shows that there was no systematic tendency of polls to underrate Trump’s level of support. He overperformed his polls in some states but underperformed in others. On balance, he did about 1. 1 percentage points worse in the final results than he did in the polls.      Also Trump didn’t   his polls in the primary. If anything the opposite happened. pic. twitter.  —   (((Harry Enten))) (@ForecasterEnten) October 22, 2016    Trump’s tendency to underperform in the primaries likely reflects his lack of a traditional field organization. His campaign has professionalized to some extent since then, but it continues to lag behind Clinton’s. State polls confirm national numbers Trump is about 6 points behind Clinton in RealClearPolitics’ national polling average. On Election Day, it wouldn’t be surprising if he lost by more or less than that. But for the polls to be far enough off for him to actually win would be an unprecedentedly large error.  What’s more, unlike in the UK we have an extensive battery of state polling to back up our national polls.  Trump is down 2 points in North Carolina Trump is down 4 points in Nevada Trump is down 4 points in Florida Trump is down 6 points in Pennsylvania  Trump is down 7 points in Colorado and 8 points in Virginia and New Hampshire  These polls are conducting independently of national polling, but they corroborate its conclusion  —   Trump is considerably less popular than Clinton with both likely voters and registered voters. None of this means that a Trump victory is impossible  —   things can change in 14 days  —   but it is almost certainly the case that he is losing the election right now, and there’s nothing in the story of Brexit to contradict that. ",Vox,2016-10-26,2016-10,0,1,0,1,0,0,1,0,0
11,"       The whole world is reeling after a milestone referendum in Britain to leave the European Union. And although leaders of the campaign to exit Europe are crowing over their victory, it seems many Britons may not even know what they had actually voted for. Awakening to a stock market plunge and a precipitous decline in the value of the pound that Britain hasn’t seen in more than 30 years, voters now face a series of economic shocks that analysts say will only worsen before they improve. The consequences of the leave vote will be felt worldwide, even here in the United States, and some British voters say they now regret casting a ballot in favor of Brexit.   [No, Brexit isn’t a good sign for Trump]   ”Even though I voted to leave, this morning I woke up and I just  —   the reality did actually hit me,” one woman told the news channel ITV News. ”If I’d had the opportunity to vote again, it would be to stay.”   [The critical fact Trump forgot in his viral speech on Brexit]   That confusion over what Brexit might mean for the country’s economy appears to have been reflected across the United Kingdom on Thursday. Google reported sharp upticks in searches not only related to the ballot measure but also about basic questions concerning the implications of the vote. At about 1 a. m. Eastern time, about eight hours after the polls closed, Google reported that searches for ”what happens if we leave the EU” had more than tripled.    (Google Trends)     (Google Trends)  The   to the vote was marked by a bitterly divided campaign, one that was as much about immigration fears as it was about the global economy.   [Live updates: Brexit]   But despite the   attempts by either side to court voters, Britons were not only mystified by what would happen if they left the E. U. —   many seemed not to even know what the European Union is.   ”What is the EU?” is the second top UK question on the EU since the #EURefResults were officially announced pic. twitter.   —   GoogleTrends (@GoogleTrends) June 24, 2016   What is the E. U.? To be fair, that question will now take on a much deeper significance than perhaps Google’s users realized when they typed that into their browsers. More on Brexit:   Britons suddenly want to run away to Canada, too British millennials like me are the real losers in the Brexit vote  Here’s what to read and watch to understand the European Union Larry Summers: Why Brexit is worse for Europe than Britain The critical fact Trump forgot in his viral speech on Brexit Five alarming immediate reactions to Brexit from the markets              Caption   Many celebrated the referendum results Friday and British Prime Minister David Cameron announced that he will resign after Britons went to the polls the day before.  June 24, 2016  A man takes a copy of the London Evening Standard with the front page reporting the resignation of British Prime Minister David Cameron and the vote to leave the E. U. Leon    Images  ",Washington Post,2016-06-24,2016-06,0,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,0
12,"Those on the left often champion the cause of “power to the people. ” That is, until the people decide to go in a direction contrary to their wishes. The decision of 52 percent of Britain’s voters to defy their political establishment has unleashed a torrent of abuse against those voters. A petition now on the British government’s website demands a second referendum it has gained more than 3. 3 million signatories in just two days. That means that this summer Parliament will have to debate the subject of a second referendum. The basis for the legitimacy of the petition is ludicrous: It demands that the government restage the referendum because the winning vote for Leave was below 60 percent and was based on a turnout of less than 75 percent. But all British referendums (there have been two others in the last five years) have been decided on the basis of majority vote, and the turnout for the Brexit referendum was a full six points higher than the 2015 election that chose the current government. RELATED: Liberal Cosmopolitans Lash Out at the Shattering of Their Worldview, David Lammy, the last   minister for higher education, went further and urged his colleagues in Parliament to ignore the vote and “stop the madness” of Brexit. “Parliament now needs to decide whether we should go forward with Brexit, and there should be a vote in Parliament next week,” he said. “Let us not destroy our economy on the basis of lies and the hubris of [Brexit backer] Boris Johnson. ” It is absurd for Tett to believe that a second referendum would be dominated by people driven by Brexit remorse. Brexit supporters note that the vast majority of signatures on the petition are from people in London and in university towns, areas that voted heavily to remain in the EU. Their signatures are no indication the vote would be different a second time around. RELATED: Brexit and the End of International Progressive Inevitability, The irony is that the petition for a second referendum was actually created last month by William Oliver Healey, a university student who backed Brexit but feared it would lose last Thursday’s vote. He wanted to constrain the British government from using a referendum to expand the powers of the EU. He has since disowned his petition and has turned his anger on the Remain campaign. He issued a statement saying: “I am genuinely appalled by the behavior of some of the Remain campaign, how they are conducting themselves   not just with this petition but generally. The referendum was fairly funded democratically endorsed, every vote was weighted equally, and I believe this was a true reflection of the mood of the country. ” But then there are some who believe the country can be held hostage to the will of a few. On Sunday, Scotland’s leader Nicola Sturgeon told the BBC that her parliament may veto Brexit altogether. She claims that under the United Kingdom’s devolution of powers to Scotland, “logic dictates” that a Brexit vote be held in the Scottish parliament. More likely, Sturgeon is using her feeble argument to bolster her case for a new referendum on Scottish independence  —   something she says is “highly likely. ” More Brexit The SNP Won’t Let the Issue of Scottish Independence GoAfter the U. K. Election, Expect Brexit to Continue ApaceBrexit Is an Embrace of the Global Economy’s New GeographyAll this shows just how reluctant the Left is to accept the sovereign will of the people. Remain supporters’ petulant reaction to their loss has also led, though, to some remorse on their side. The German news site local. de reported on an   watch party in Berlin filled with British expatriates. A man named Sam, who is from the British city of Lincoln, had voted in favor of Britain’s staying in the EU. “I’m worried about the world we’re going into,” he said. “This is more regression than progression. ” But Sam was also critical of how the Remain camp has conducted itself. “The whole Remain campaign was really condescending. People hate being told that they don’t know what’s best for them. ” That’s precisely why the pettiness of the reaction to last week’s vote by Remain supporters is likely to lose   advocates more support than they gain.,",National Review,2016-06-26,2016-06,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
13,"The aftermath of the United Kingdom’s general election has seen the country plunge into political crisis. Her “strong and stable” aura and   reputation for competence irreparably shattered, Theresa May is barely managing to hang on as prime minister with help from Northern Ireland’s Democratic Unionist Party. And larger problems loom: Brexit negotiations with the European Union are due to start in a week, and the political chaos has forestalled the emergence of a widespread consensus around what negotiating position Britain should take. 	In this, some have seen silver linings: Perhaps Brexit can be somehow averted, perhaps May will be forced to back down from the   line she took during the campaign, perhaps the last twelve months of British politics were just a particularly tumultuous bad dream. Typical of this magical thinking is Roger Cohen’s latest piece in the New York Times: 		An inept campaign saw May promising “strong and stable” government so often it became a joke. Britain, on the eve of a momentous negotiation that will define the lives of the youth who never wanted “Brexit,” now has the opposite: weak and wobbly government. This will mean that May has to compromise more hence a softer departure from the Union, if there’s enough political coherence even for that. Those who cling, as I do, to the faint hope that Brexit will collapse under the weight of its folly have been given a fillip this is not over. 	This line of argument is simple and enticing, full of the hope that Brexit can be avoided or fudged without the   mess of a second referendum. But it’s incorrect in two fundamental respects. 	First, it gets domestic politics backward. May’s slim majority in Parliament  —   in fact not a majority at all without the votes of the DUP  —   means she will have to lean toward the center, the argument goes the Tory MPs who never believed in the wisdom of a hard Brexit in the first place will find their voices magnified, their leverage increased. But this cuts both ways: The hardline Euroskeptic fringe stands as good a chance of accruing political relevance in the coming months as the moderate Tory fringe. A vote is a vote, and all of them are valuable in a majority this small. Insofar as May will need to placate both the moderates and the radicals, a tack to the political center seems unlikely. 	This is to say that, though remaining in the single market and customs union may seem economically wise, there is no political will to do so among Britain’s leaders. If a soft Brexit is to occur, it must be driven primarily by   forces. 	Which brings us to the second problem with the   thesis: that Brexit is no longer a specifically British phenomenon. From the moment that May triggered Article 50, formally notifying the European Union of Britain’s intent to leave, Brexit became as much a European project as a British one. Barring Britain from the single market and the customs union while demanding it pay an astronomical “divorce bill” on its way out the door is just about the only course of action the other 27 EU countries can agree on at this point. 	More important still, that’s the position of Angela Merkel and Emmanuel Macron, the leaders of the   axis eager to reinvigorate the European project and shape the Continent’s future. Macron was elected to the French presidency in May after promising to cure the terminal sclerosis of French politics and reform the EU into a truly federalist body. He and Merkel know this is a task more easily accomplished with Britain outside the union than inside it. Britain has, after all, traditionally frustrated federalist dreams: It refused to adopt the Euro at the beginning of the millennium, viewed talk of an EU army with rampant skepticism, and often complained of the strictures imposed by the European Court of Justice. With Britain in the union and the concept of national sovereignty intact, the federalist project would always remain unrealized. The fact of Brexit and the continent’s worries about President Donald Trump have in a roundabout way reinvigorated the European project: After years of economic turmoil and doubts over the future of integration, Europeans now feel like they have something to fight for. Without Britain holding matters up, federalist reform can proceed unencumbered, Germany and France pulling their fellow countries along whether they like it or not. 	The core members of the EU now favor hard Brexit both as a means of positively reconstructing Europe and as a powerful warning to members who would consider following Britain’s lead. A clear, coherent, forceful signal that the price of exit is nothing less than severe economic disruption could serve to blunt the political momentum of the Marine Le Pens and Viktor Orbans of the world. As Macron and Merkel seek to institute their   reforms, the presence of a perpetually tumultuous, economically depressed Britain on the fringes of the European continent might help encourager les autres. 	And in   terms, the election changes little. The Brexit negotiations were always going to be imbalanced  —   Britain could only have so much leverage against the overwhelming economic and political might of the EU Brussels held all the cards before the election, and it continues to hold them today. Michel Barnier, the EU’s chief negotiator, cares about the EU’s interests, not Britain’s, and he will act accordingly. 	The prognosis for Brexit has changed in one crucial respect, though: The probability of Britain’s leaving the union without a deal in place must be higher now than before the election. May’s slim majority means she must carefully navigate between numerous factions within her party and without this only increases the difficulty of arriving at a consensus negotiating position that can command a majority in the House of Commons and pass through the House of Lords unscathed. Moreover, it increases the probability of ongoing chaos in domestic politics, which seems likely to prove a distraction from the business of negotiation. The clock is already ticking in March 2019, it will expire. The election’s result has eaten away at the chances of performing the hard political work necessary before that point. 	All of this is to say that the case for a soft Brexit resulting from the election is a weak one. At least as far as its leaders are concerned  —   and excepting the DUP’s preference for an open Irish border  —   the U. K. itself has little appetite for a soft Brexit. Neither does the EU In the coming months, May will find herself trying to chart a narrow path between her party’s moderates and its radicals. Navigating the ship of state through that perilous passage will be difficult. Britain should brace itself for a crash. READ MORE:Brexit Is an Embrace of the Global Economy’s New   Trade Is Crucial in the Era of Brexit  TrumpThe Tories’ Implosion Jeopardizes Brexit,  —   Noah   is a student of modern history and politics at Yale University and an editorial intern at National Review. ",National Review,2017-06-14,2017-06,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
14,"On Tuesday British Prime Minister Theresa May announced plans to hold a snap general election on June 8. Following Britain’s decision last summer to exit the European Union she said that, ”Britain needed certainty, stability and strong leadership” ahead Britain of settling its divorce from the EU. This surprise news came as a shock to the political establishment in London. Last year May ruled out holding an election before 2020, but she has now reversed course. May’s about face has caused political and public opinion waves across Britain, especially because her announcement comes mere weeks after the government set in motion the official process to leave the European Union, known as Brexit. May has said this was a historic moment for Britain, one that the country would not be turning back from. A sizable number of black Brits might see the new vote as a second chance to take a stand against a future they did not vote for in the first place. In total, 73 percent of black Brits voted for Britain to remain in the EU, as did 67 percent of Asian voters. Meanwhile, 53 percent of whites voted for Britain to leave the EU. The Brexit referendum has put a spotlight on racial divides in Britain, and has led to a marked rise in racism that is making many black Britons feel like they are no longer welcome at home. The news of this impending election has added more intensity to the Brexit fallout black Britons have been dealing with since the referendum last June. But, Simon Woolley, director of Operation Black Vote (OBV) an organization that campaigns for racial justice in Britain, said the prime minister’s decision ”was probably motivated more by Brexit EU politics more than any immediate domestic political considerations.” He added that over the next several weeks OBV would ”fight for race equality and fight against xenophobia. We’ll engage in a late voter registration drive, hold hustings meetings in marginal seats, write a black political manifesto and hold a national meeting with major party leaders.” Brexit has made many black people question their place in British society, and this pending vote may yet heighten this experience. Rikette, a popular jazz singer from Brixton, says that, ”as a black Briton, Brexit has made me question just how British I am. This is something I have not had to think about before, and, due to the rise in racist abuse, this has made me feel a little more vulnerable in public spaces, especially on public transport.” Indeed, since Brexit was enacted the number of hate crimes recorded on public transit has increased. Zara   24, a writer in London born to Eritrean parents, says ”the message of Brexit is clear, it does not make me feel welcome.” And now with an election looming she says, ”I feel like this was a rushed decision to call an election, I am so confused and uncertain about my future now, and I am worried what this will mean for black people in Britain.” As a young person who, like her age group, voted overwhelmingly to remain part of the EU, she says she fears that the economic effects of Brexit will have a disproportionate impact on black Britons. ”I feel that opportunities are now much slimmer as a Black Brit,” she says. Black and Asian graduates are twice as likely as white graduates to be unemployed. This is something   experienced when she graduated from university and struggled to find a job. Black male graduates in London are twice as likely to be unemployed as their white counterparts there was an unemployment rate 16 percent for black male graduates in London last year. This is shocking considering that 44 percent of London’s 8. 6 million people come from an ethnic minority. Nor is it just young black graduates that face such grim unemployment prospects. Across the board, black workers in Britain earn far less than their white counterparts with the same qualifications  —   at every educational level. According to research from the Trades Union Congress (TUC) a confederation of unions in Britain, there is a 23 percent pay gap between black and white workers. Their research also shows that black graduates earn £14. 33 an hour while white graduates earn £18. 63. Charlene Prempeh, brand director at   Nataal, a media consultancy that promotes African creatives, says ”In London, the key change since Brexit is that the subject of race has become dinner party fodder  —   every white person I know is keen to profess how liberal they are, how much they want the country to stay open, how they are not racist.” Prempeh, whose family migrated from Ghana, also says, ”However, outside of London the atmosphere is openly hostile.” On a recent day trip to Whitstable, a seashore town about an hour and a half south of London, where she says once ”people would have been too embarrassed to stare” at her, Prempeh ”felt uncomfortable enough to avoid eye contact and in the end we left the town early.” Official figures from the British government show that there was a huge rise in racist and religious hate crimes immediately after the Brexit vote. Further, the number of hate crimes recorded by regional police forces in England and Wales rose by a 100 percent in the months following. This spike has led the police to announce extra plans to help protect vulnerable groups. For some British black people, Brexit shattered the illusion of truly belonging in Britain. Chrystal Genesis, a   broadcaster whose family hail from the West Indies, feels that for her the immediate consequence of Brexit has been that people she knows feel that white people have become more openly racist. In some instances black politicians have come under attack. David Lammy, a Member of Parliament from London, called the police after receiving a surge in online abuse and death threats. Genesis says this reminds her ”that no matter how long you have lived here and grown up in Britain and even if you are third generation, you are never truly British. That is a fact.” Brexit has not only reopened racial faultiness in Britain, but it has begun to normalize a new racism in the     age that isn’t all that different from the racism that greeted black immigrants like Genesis’s grandfather who arrived in Britain in the 1950s from Jamaica. ”It felt like the stories my grandfather told me when I was young about the 1950’s when he was invited over to Britain to work by building up Britain after the war, and the racism and awful experiences he encountered. It’s beyond appalling now how the same racist attitudes show themselves the only difference is that it is a different decade,” she says. Prior to the vote, most black lawmakers supported remaining in the EU as most of them belong to the Labour Party. But a few Conservative Party lawmakers of color, such as Kwasi Kwarteng and Adam Afriyie did support leave. Labour Party politician Chuka Umunna, who was once touted as British Obama, is leading a campaign to hold the government to account over their Brexit negotiations with the EU. Other prominent black British public figures came out against Brexit also. Writing in Ebony, Kehinde Andrews, a professor of sociology at Birmingham City University, said Brexit had redrawn racial faultiness in Britain and the results of the referendum reflected ”the nation’s buried racial tension.” Woolley, at OBV, wrote of Brexit, ”Not since the 1970’s have we seen    extreme racial abuse and violence on the streets of Britain.” For many black citizens, Brexit has confirmed that Britain is more than just uncomfortable with change.   sentiment was at the heart of what drove the UK to end its   relationship with the European Union. Fears about immigrants and diversity drove many older voters into the   campaign, with just 39 percent of those over 65 voting to remain in the EU, Since the Brexit vote, Britain has also become less tolerant. According to police in England and Wales, hate and religious crimes rose 41 percent after Britain voted to leave the EU. A national poll in March found that in the seven months following the Brexit vote over a third of black, Asian or minority people in Britain had witnessed or experienced racial abuse. And on the day the government trigged the process for Britain to quit the EU, researchers documented a spike in online hate speech. Moreover, May has disparaged those who did not vote to quit the EU as ”crybabies” and mocked as ”citizens of nowhere” and ”metropolitan liberal elites” anyone who says Brexit is bad for Britain. Dissenters are routinely accused of being disloyal and  . For many black Brits, May’s attacks about ”citizens of the world” were especially galling as many of are connected to an international diaspora that transcends national borders. Ismail Einashe is a journalist and Dart Center Ochberg Fellow at Columbia University Journalism School. Follow him @IsmailEinashe.",NPR,2017-04-18,2017-04,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
15,"Many Americans will be surprised to hear that Britain is once again going to the polls, for what will be the third time in as many years. But while the June 8 election is unlikely to generate any shocks on the magnitude of the 2016 votes that delivered Brexit on one side of the Atlantic Ocean and President Donald Trump on the other, the result will still be hugely significant in shaping the course of the next few years for Britain, the United States, and the wider world. 	It would take a brave man to bet on anything other than Prime Minister Theresa May’s being returned with a large majority in the House of Commons. May’s Conservatives are riding around 20 points higher in the polls than their Labour rivals, and her net favorability rating is a staggering 52 percent higher than Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn’s. But while the result may be in little doubt, the mandate May is seeking from voters will have a profound effect on the country’s exit negotiations with the European Union. And ensuring a smooth Brexit that prioritizes free trade is important not only for the British economy, but also for the Eurozone, the United States, and indeed the global economy. 	This is not a   game: The European Union does not want to look across the negotiating table and see a country riven by internal divisions and disputes over its own negotiating position. European leaders have welcomed the British election for the stability and clarity it seems set to inject into the negotiations. 	Across the English Channel, the likely election of centrist Emmanuel Macron as the next French president will also bring a welcome dose of stability to continental European politics. European leaders will be more   and prepared to negotiate a mutually beneficial agreement with the U. K. once they feel they have successfully ridden the populist wave and the risk of perceived “Brexit contagion” has subsided. 	A large Tory majority in the House of Commons also opens the door to at least another decade of stable rule by the       Conservatives if they are able to pull off a successful Brexit and win another national election in five years. This should be welcomed by businesses, even if they previously questioned the merits of the Leave campaign. 	Some people outside the U. K. still interpret the Brexit result as a vote for Britain to turn inward and pull up the drawbridge to the world. There was always a danger that Britain would venture down the path of a “closed Brexit,” but it is not the path May has pursued, nor was it the vision put forward by Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson during the referendum campaign. 	North Carolina, where one of us is based, already has seen the signs of a U. K. continuing to look outward. Last July, little more than one month after the Brexit referendum, the U. K.’s international trade secretary announced plans to open a new trade office in Raleigh, along with others in Minneapolis and San Diego. (  firms such as BAE Systems, Compass Group, GSK, and Dunlop Aircraft Tyres already support more than 27, 000 jobs in North Carolina.) 	The only way for Brexit to succeed is for the U. K. to engage fully with the entire world. It must remain the closest possible friend and partner to countries in the European Union, but also look farther afield, too, not least to the United States. 	The general election will greatly increase the chance of this kind of “open Brexit,” with the U. K. stepping forward to take a leading role in global trade and foreign affairs. Brexit can put the U. K. —  U. S. axis at the heart of global affairs once again, on the basis of our shared values and   economic cooperation. 	The two economies are already deeply intertwined: The U. K. is the biggest foreign investor in the U. S. and vice versa. If a British citizen works for a foreign company, it is most likely to be for an American firm. Similarly, an American working for a foreign firm is most likely to be working for a British one. 	This close economic relationship exists despite the lack of any formal trade partnership between our two countries. President Trump and House speaker Paul Ryan have made clear their commitment to securing a trade agreement with the U. K. as soon as possible after Brexit. Such an agreement has the potential to turbocharge our two economies, and with Trump due to make a state visit to the U. K. in October, now is the time for both governments to lay the groundwork, hammering out its terms so that it’s ready to be signed the minute Brexit is finalized. 	As the biggest single trading partner of both the U. K. and the E. U. the United States has another important role to play: By applying the right pressure to Brussels, Paris, Berlin, and, indeed, London, it can ensure that Brexit negotiations proceed as smoothly as possible, in a way that continues to promote trade and prosperity for all our nations by securing a full U. K. —  E. U.   agreement with minimal disruption. 	Now is a time of great change, but also great opportunity. The British general election will be a major step toward achieving the kind of open Brexit that provides maximum benefits to the U. K. U. S. and the E. U. itself. If Britain and America can set the new standard for international trade after Brexit, the rest of the world will follow. READ MORE:Brexit: U. K.’s Deregulation OpportunityFree Trade  Globalism: Law Makers Should Tread CarefullyDonald Trump’s Protectionism Has a Real Cost,  —   Matthew Elliott was the CEO of Britain’s Vote Leave campaign and is now a senior fellow at the Legatum Institute in London. Kory Swanson is the CEO of the John Locke Foundation in North Carolina. ",National Review,2017-05-03,2017-05,0,0,1,0,1,0,0,1,0
16,"Transactions in commercial property fell by 40 percent in the first quarter, according to the Bank of England, with many buyers and sellers waiting to see the outcome of the June 23 referendum in case an exit vote hurts property prices. In one example from a commercial transaction seen by Reuters, a clause sets a deadline after the vote when the buyer would be permitted to terminate the contract if the referendum results in a decision to leave. Sellers too are taking legal precautions, seeking language in contracts to ensure that Brexit will not be considered a ”material adverse change” that would annul a deal. Paul Firth, head of real estate at law firm Irwin Mitchell LLP, said a significant percent of the firm’s ”bigger investment deals” with values ranging from 10 to 80 million pounds either included Brexit clauses, or purchasers had sought to negotiate that they be included. He said the use of such clauses had increased in recent weeks as the referendum date draws closer. ”(Investors) fear that the value and return on investment properties may decline and that it may not be as good an investment if Britain withdraws from the EU,” he said. Since commercial real estate deals are usually confidential, it was not possible to determine precisely how common such clauses are.  However, half of the 24 law firms, brokerages and commercial property firms Reuters spoke to said they had used Brexit clauses, brokered a deal with such a clause or had requests to include them in at least one deal. Some of the others said they had seen them. Prime Minister David Cameron and other politicians supporting the campaign to stay in the EU say a vote to leave would damage the economy and cause property prices to fall. Those campaigning to exit say any such threat is overblown and Britain can prosper outside the EU. But whether overblown or not, it is a risk some buyers seem unwilling to take. Guarantees are being offered not only for commercial property but also for homes. An invitation to a May 25 launch of some floors of Two Fifty One, a   luxury apartment tower going up in south London’s gentrifying Elephant and Castle district, offered buyers a ”money back Brexit guarantee pledge”. Buyers attending the launch would not have to exchange contracts until July 6 and could withdraw their offer and get their deposits back if they were unhappy with the outcome of the vote, said Martin Lent, chief executive of SCM, the development manager for the project by residential developer Oakmayne. In commercial property, Brexit clauses are more common in higher value deals where the risks are greater, said Andrew Friend, director of a UK property fund at Henderson, one of Europe’s largest investment managers. ”Deals that include these clauses tend to be at the higher lot size end of the market and they’re more focused on sectors such as financial office space in London, which are more sensitive to a Brexit type situation,” said Friend. FOREIGN INVESTORS Brexit clauses are particularly in demand among overseas investors. Two lawyers dealing with property said most enquiries about Brexit clauses were from foreign investors who were concerned that an ”Out” vote could weaken sterling, as well as reduce appetite for leasing commercial space in Britain. ”When it comes to international investors looking to build global or European portfolios, we are either ’on hold’ or would use a Brexit clause,” said Rob Wilkinson, chief executive of AEW Europe, which managed property assets in the UK worth about 2. 1 billion euros as of March 31. Melanie Curtis, a real estate partner at law firm K&L Gates LLP, said she had worked on a deal with a Brexit clause in a commercial property transaction worth more than 10 million pounds, in which her firm acted on behalf of an overseas buyer. ”The buyer required a Brexit clause, as it may reassess its UK investment policy in the event of withdrawal from the EU.” James Crookes, head of real estate and property at law firm Pinsent Masons LLP, said some clauses, rather than giving the buyer the right to walk away or renegotiate, would automatically reduce the purchase price of a property in the event of a Brexit vote. In one deal, the price would be lowered by 1 million pounds.  ”So they’re factoring in a valuation on the assets based on Brexit.” Nick Lloyd, national head of capital markets at commercial property broker Lambert Smith Hampton, said offering Brexit clauses could also be beneficial for sellers, to secure deals while fewer transactions are taking place, in anticipation of a potential flood of properties returning to the market if Britain votes to remain in the EU. ”Whilst they mitigate downside risk for buyers, they can be attractive to a vendor who wants to avoid the risks of marketing during a potential oversupply of new stock after the referendum,” said Lloyd. But with less than a month to the vote, two law firms and one property broker said they were now advising clients to reject demands for a Brexit clause and simply put deals on ice. ”One seller recently asked the buyer to confirm it would proceed with the purchase irrespective of the outcome of the referendum,” said Mark Payne, a partner in the real estate team at law firm Clifford Chance LLP. ”This proposal was, however, rejected.”  (Editing by Robin Paxton, Guy Faulconbridge and Peter Graff) WASHINGTON New orders for U. S.  goods fell more than expected in May, but orders for capital equipment were a bit stronger than previously reported, suggesting the manufacturing sector remained on a moderate growth path. U. S. credit card processor Vantiv agreed to buy Britain’s Worldpay for 7. 7 billion pounds ($10 billion) on Wednesday in a move expected to trigger further deals. ",Reuters,2016-06-06,2016-06,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
17,"Britain’s Prime Minister Theresa May will likely win the parliamentary vote tomorrow that will allow her to call a General Election on June 8th this year. This means a vote is just 50 days away  —   less time than a usual election cycle in the United Kingdom. [May is riding the crest of a wave right now. The Conservative Party is incredibly popular. In part due to the feckless socialist leader of the Labour Party, Jeremy Corbyn the struggle of the UK Independence Party (UKIP) to find a    ’etre and Mrs. May’s handling of Britain’s vote to leave the European Union (EU).  “Brexit means Brexit,” has been her mantra for the past few months, before she formally invoked the Article 50 mechanism by which an EU member state leaves on March 29th. But she also inherited a manifesto from her predecessor David Cameron that she appears not to be fully signed up to. She and her government ran into the first signs on trouble emanating from this during the Budget earlier this year. Chancellor Philip Hammond was forced into an embarrassing   over the issue of a tax hike  —   the latest in a series of policy overhang issues that has hamstrung the May government. She will want to use this General Election to establish a personal and political mandate: allowing her to break from the Cameron government’s pledges, while kicking the Labour Party into touch for the next five years. What this means for the Brexit process however, is concerning some.  Mrs. May was not on the Leave side at the referendum in 2016. In fact, she was a Remainer, albeit a relatively silent one through the campaign period. Steven Woolfe, a Member of the European Parliament who sits as an independent, formerly of UKIP, told Breitbart London: “[May] wants to make this her Brexit. The election will make it her win. Therefore one of the possibilities is that those deemed hard Brexiteers will not be regarded as having the power and the mandate anymore. Therefore she can control the Brexit negotiations. “Whether she will make that a soft or hard Brexit I don’t know but she’ll say I’m in charge and go her way”. An   source added: “Europe believes if she wins there will be a softer Brexit”. “The European Union  —   if you listen to what’s coming out of the spokesman from the EU, they’ve said this is a good day for Britain and negotiations will become much easier from their perspective”. What’s clear is that while a General Election will stabilise Mrs. May’s position, it does start to raise questions over her commitment to the “Brexit means Brexit” claim. Other implications stretch north to Scotland, whereby the Scottish National Party (SNP) who won a vast majority of seats in 2015 will be seen to have failed if they don’t hang onto the same number in the country. The SNP leader, Nicola Sturgeon, is intent on hold another referendum on Scottish independence, but her involvement in this election will perhaps make this vote itself a   referendum on the matter, especially if her vote share and number of Westminster seats declines. In Scotland, the Labour Party are monumentally unpopular, though the Conservative Party under the stewardship of Scottish leader Ruth Davidson has managed to make polling inroads into being an opposition party in the country. Generally speaking, this election currently looks like a   for Mrs. May. What it means for Brexit however, we will all need to be incredibly wary of.",Breitbart,2017-04-18,2017-04,0,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,0
18,"Tony Blair has accused Labour of failing the British people by not being an effective opposition as he slammed the “ ” takeover of the party. “Ask yourself one simple question,” he said. “In the prime minister’s office, in Tory high command, how much of their time do they spend worrying about the prospect of a Labour victory at the present time? I would guess zero. “We’ve got to make them wake up every morning and fear us. ” The former leader’s comments were made in an interview with the Labour MPs Ruth Smeeth and Wes Streeting for Progress magazine. Blair said that the current incarnation of the party under Jeremy Corbyn’s leadership was putting principle before power and that Labour has only won “when it has been at the cutting edge of modernity”. A lurch to the left between 1979 and 1983 had “cratered the Labour party” the former prime minister said. “I don’t want to depress you, but there is a big difference between the 80s and now. In the 1980s, the   never took control. They tried but they failed. The moment when Denis Healey beat Tony Benn was the moment when the Labour party was saved. ” Asked how Labour could remain relevant, Blair replied: “Urgency  —   because politics moves faster today and Brexit . .. it’s the defining moment in British history. “We have to say: the government’s got a mandate to negotiate Brexit, but we’re going to hold them to account that it’s not going to damage jobs, that it’s not going to damage the economy. ” His latest comments follow an attack on Labour in February in which he accused a “debilitated” party of allowing Brexit to happen. “I hate to say that, but it is true,” he said. “What this means is that we have to build a movement which stretches across party lines, and devise new ways of communication. ” In his first major intervention since the referendum, Blair declared in February that it was his mission to persuade the UK to stay in the EU, calling for remain supporters to “rise up in defence of what we believe”. “The people voted without knowledge of the true terms of Brexit,” he said. “As these terms become clear, it is their right to change their mind. Our mission is to persuade them to do so. ” While he was forming an institute to make the case against “Brexit at any cost” Blair denied he was considering creating a new centrist political party. It was necessary to raise the alarm about the “jumble of contradictions” in Theresa May’s arguments for Brexit, according to Blair. “They’re not driving this bus  —   they’re being driven,” he said. “We will trigger article 50 not because we now know our destination, but because the politics of not doing so would alienate those driving the bus. The surreal nature of the exercise is enhanced by the curious absence of a big argument as to why this continues to be a good idea. ” Blair’s position contrasts sharply with that of Corbyn, who took the decision to order his MPs to vote in favour of the government’s Brexit bill in February. Four shadow cabinet ministers resigned so they could be among the 47 Labour MPs to vote against Brexit. The Liberal Democrat leader, Tim Farron, and Nick Clegg, the former deputy prime minister and now his party’s Brexit spokesman, have welcomed Blair’s intervention in the debate. Farron said in February: “Blair’s speech shows how badly Corbyn’s Labour has failed as an opposition. Labour have waved the white flag and given Theresa May a blank cheque for a divisive, hard Brexit. ”",Guardian,2017-04-03,2017-04,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
19,"     After Thursday’s referendum on a ”Brexit,” a wave of racist incidents have been reported to British police and documented in widely shared social media posts. Through the weekend, #Postrefracism has been trending, and its contents provide a disheartening view of how Britain’s vote to leave the European Union may be emboldening those who harbor virulent racist sentiments. Police in west London were investigating what they called a ”racially motivated” attack against the Polish Social and Cultural Association. Poles make up the largest   population in the United Kingdom. The organization’s building was apparently defaced with graffiti that said, ”Go home.” In Cambridgeshire, leaflets were apparently distributed with “Leave the   more Polish vermin” written in both English and Polish.   [The uncomfortable question: Was the Brexit vote based on racism?]      In a stunning victory for the ”Leave” campaign, Britain has voted to exit the European Union. Here’s what happens next. (Jason Aldag, Adam   Washington Post)   Those campaigning for a Brexit offered clear assurances that a new immigration system would not affect E. U. citizens already living in Britain: “There will be no change for EU citizens already lawfully resident in the UK,” the campaign noted on its website. But despite the assurances, many immigrants to Britain are unsure of their future. Racism isn’t exactly an unexpected outcome of the victory for the Brexit camp at the polls, either. Nigel Farage, the leader of the U. K. Independence Party (UKIP) and the most   proponent of a Brexit, has spoken of the ”      vote” and told reporters that he would use a racist slang term to refer to Chinese restaurants. But he and other ”Brexiteers” have said that their concerns are about increasing immigration flows perceived as coming at the expense of the   and have nothing to do with prejudice. Britain’s massively popular tabloids have done little to calm the public’s nerves over immigration, often resorting to blatant scaremongering and  . Below is a compilation of dozens of tabloid fronts doing so.   Visual reminder of how immigration played in Leave camp narrative. 34 front pages this yr compiled by @gameoldgirl pic. twitter.   —   Kim Ghattas (@BBCKimGhattas) June 26, 2016   The message of most of the attacks that have been reported since Friday seems to be simple: A victory for the Brexit camp should herald the repatriation of all      in the U. K. Never mind that the official campaign pushing for a Brexit expressly eschewed that sentiment. What follows is a harrowing sampling of Twitter posts detailing specific incidents.   ”Table next to me says to Polish waitress ”How come you’re so cheerful? You’re going home.” Him and the missus started laughing.” Disgusting  —   Jamie Pohotsky (@jamiepohotsky) June 24, 2016   https:  .      Man in Kings X station yells ‘BREXIT’ in my south Asian friend’s face. Within 10 hours of the result I experienced 2 racialised altercations  —   kerem (@KeremBrulee) June 25, 2016     Picture from Romford today. (Photo with permission from the   @diamondgeezer) pic. twitter.   —   Jim Waterson (@jimwaterson) June 25, 2016   https:  .      Disgusting RT @fionaand: Older woman on the 134 bus gleefully telling a young Polish woman and her baby to get off and get packing. Horrific.  —     (@ChanChanAmos) June 25, 2016   Read More: Britain just killed globalization as we know it Brexit: A   Peasants’ Revolt? An astute online comment has some wondering whether Brexit may ever happen",Washington Post,2016-06-26,2016-06,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
20,"  What did the U. K. government do on March 29? The U. K.’s envoy to the European Union   a letter from Prime Minister Theresa May to the office of the European Council president in Brussels, invoking Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty and formally beginning the process of talks over the U. K.’s separation from the European Union —  the process that’s come to be known as Brexit. How did we get here? On June 23, 2016, Britons stunned Europe’s political establishment and voted 52 percent to 48 percent to leave the European Union. Prime Minister David Cameron, who had supported the U. K.’s continued membership in the bloc and who also wanted to give voters a voice on EU membership, resigned. After a brief period of political backstabbing, which saw all the favored successors to Cameron fail in their leadership bids, Theresa May, who had also supported remaining in the EU, emerged as the U. K.’s new prime minister. She pledged to respect the wishes of the public —  dashing the expectations of those who’d hoped for a change of mind. She said she’d invoke Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty, the mechanism by which negotiations on the U. K.’s exit from the EU can begin, in March 2017. But while British politicians and policymakers argued with their European counterparts on what a future U. K.  relationship would look like, the U. K. High Court ruled last November the government does not have the authority to invoke Article 50, saying that authority lay with Parliament. The government appealed to the Supreme Court, which agreed with the lower court’s ruling. After weeks of heated    in Parliament, lawmakers voted on March 13 to give the government the authority to trigger Article 50. Three days later, the measure received royal assent from Queen Elizabeth II. On March 29, May invoked Article 50. Is the separation immediate? No. Article 50 gives the U. K. and the EU two years to reach an agreement on what Brexit will look like. The earliest we could have a deal is March 29, 2019, until which the U. K. remains a full EU member but won’t participate in  . But that   timeframe is seen as optimistic or, as the Financial Times puts it: “It may prove fiendishly hard or simply impossible to complete it all. ” One unnamed senior EU figure told the FT: “Two years is unfeasible. The more you learn the more you bump into the complications and legal problems. ” Indeed, the Telegraph reports that members of the European Parliament, who must vote on any final deal the EU reaches with the U. K. say that the U. K. must remain an EU member until 2022. Philip Hammond, the former U. K. foreign secretary who is now chancellor, warned last year that Brexit could take six years to complete. As the BBC points out: Unpicking 43 years of treaties and agreements covering thousands of different subjects was never going to be a straightforward task. It is further complicated by the fact that it has never been done before and negotiators will, to some extent, be making it up as they go along. The   trade deal is likely to be the most complex part of the negotiation because it needs the unanimous approval of more than 30 national and regional parliaments across Europe, some of whom may want to hold referendums. But Brexit has provisions in place for such an eventuality the   schedule can be extended by unanimous consent of the European Council. What happens next? The U. K. government will first repeal the European Communities Act of 1972, the legislation that made accession to the EU possible, and then make EU law U. K. law. This would make business operations seamless even after the U. K. leaves the EU, but it would also allow U. K. lawmakers to repeal those aspects of EU law that they consider onerous or irrelevant. Then begin the talks themselves, which are likely to be complicated: At issue is not only the future of  . K. relations, but also the future of some 4 million people —  3 million EU citizens and 1 million Britons —  who live on either side of the English Channel. Here’s how Linda Kinstler described it in The Atlantic: Brexit negotiations will come in two phases: the first, which begins on Wednesday, is a battle over what the divorce settlement between the U. K. and EU will look like. The two most important issues in those proceedings concern how much the U. K. will have to pay the EU upon leaving —  current estimates are around $60 billion, though Brexit Secretary David Davis swore on Monday the sum would be “nothing like that. ” The other issue is securing the rights of EU citizens living in the U. K. and U. K. citizens living in Europe. May has said she would like to reach an early agreement to secure the reciprocal rights of EU and U. K. citizens arriving at such an agreement in the first few months of negotiations could be an easy win for both sides. In the meantime, the rights of EU citizens in the U. K. will indeed be used as “bargaining chips” in Brexit negotiations. Many families have already begun preparing to leave the country, fearing their loved ones may be denied the right to live or work in a   Britain. Much of the discussions so far have centered on whether it’ll be a “soft” Brexit or a “hard” Brexit. A “soft” Brexit would allow the U. K.’s relationship with the EU to remain mostly unchanged: in other words, with the U. K. having access to the single market, and with the free movement of EU citizens. A “hard” Brexit, on the other hand, would see the U. K. negotiators refusing to compromise on the unrestricted movement of EU citizens, thereby losing access to the single market. In reality, since immigration is one of the reasons Brexit occurred, a final settlement is likely to fall somewhere in between a “soft” and “hard” Brexit. The EU will formally respond to May’s letter later this week by issuing draft guidelines on negotiations for the other 27 member states. A Brexit summit is scheduled for April 29, in which members will outline their negotiating positions. (Politico has a breakdown of what each of the 27 member states wants Brexit to look like.)   percent of member states, comprising 65 percent of their populations, must agree on the eventual deal, which will then be ratified by legislatures in each of the 27 states. (No one said this would be easy.) As Alex Stubb, the former premier of Finland, told the FT: “The U. K.’s negotiating hand is by definition weak. All the EU has to decide is the bill and the time of exit. The rest is altruism. ” Will Brexit hurt the U. K. economy? It’s too soon to tell. The worst prognostications of Brexit didn’t materialize. The country is moving toward full employment and is growing more quickly than other major industrialized nations, but inflation is high and the pound is about 15 percent lower against the U. S. dollar.    Is Brexit reversible? Although a considerable minority in the U. K. would like to think so, it would be political suicide in the U. K. to reconsider Brexit under the present political circumstances. The major criticisms many Britons had with EU membership —  perceived loss of sovereignty and mass immigration from the bloc’s citizens —  will persist unless something there’s a fundamental change of heart within the EU’s other 27 countries about what membership means to them. That won’t happen overnight: Polls in most EU countries show that most citizens see membership as a benefit. Practical considerations aside, May’s own remarks that “Brexit means Brexit” suggest the U. K. government is unlikely to revoke a decision made by a comfortable majority of its citizens. She reiterated those remarks Wednesday, telling Parliament: “This is an historic moment from which there can be no turning back. ” But never say never. John Kerr, the U. K. diplomat who wrote the text of Article 50, which May triggered Wednesday, told the House of Lords last month: “If, having looked into the abyss, we were to change our minds about withdrawal, we certainly could and no one in Brussels could stop us. ” And   Juncker, the president of the European Commission, said last month he hopes “the day will come when the British   the boat,” leaving open the possibility, however slim, for those Britons who want to remain part of the EU. What happens to the U. K.? This could be one of the most contentious issues in the wake of the Brexit announcement. The U. K. or United Kingdom, comprises England, Scotland, Wales, and Northern Ireland. While England and Wales voted to leave the EU, Scotland and Northern Ireland voted overwhelmingly to remain. Brexit affects them, too. The Scottish government says it wants to secede from the U. K. calling for talks with the U. K. government on an independence referendum sometime between the fall of 2018 and the spring of 2019. The U. K. government says it won’t negotiate. May had previously said “now is not the time” for a Scottish referendum on independence. Scotland’s desired timetable for an independence referendum would fall within the   period of negotiations between the U. K. and the EU. A Scottish independence campaign run in parallel with the Brexit talks would considerably weaken the U. K. government’s hand. In her letter to Donald Tusk, the president of the European Council, May wrote: From the start and throughout the discussions, we will negotiate as one United Kingdom, taking due account of the specific interests of every nation and region of the UK as we do so. When it comes to the return of powers back to the United Kingdom, we will consult fully on which powers should reside in Westminster and which should be devolved to Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland. But it is the expectation of the Government that the outcome of this process will be a significant increase in the   power of each devolved administration. Then there is Northern Ireland. The Northern Irish border with the Republic of Ireland is the U. K.’s only land border with the EU. Critics of Brexit say that open borders between Northern Ireland and the Republic are a cornerstone of the 1998 Good Friday Agreement, and any deal that doesn’t take this into account would imperil the peace deal. There have also been calls in Northern Ireland for a referendum on leaving the U. K. and joining the Republic of Ireland —  though the prospect of that being successful are slim. What  happens to the EU? As I wrote nine months ago, soon after the Brexit vote: There were fears that Britain’s exit would energize Euroskeptics across the bloc. Indeed, polls in Denmark have suggested that the country would vote to leave if a referendum were held on membership (none is planned).   parties across Europe rejoiced at the news from Britain Friday. Marine Le Pen, the head of the National Front in France, said on Twitter: “Victory for Freedom! As I have been asking for years, we must now have the same referendum in France and EU countries. ” Similar sentiments were expressed by others across the bloc. Whether that translates to referenda in those countries and subsequent votes to leave is an unknown, however. Since that time, however, the EU’s approval rating rose in its member states. Even in Denmark, the percentage of people who supported a   referendum fell. Expected populist victories in elections across Europe have, at least for now, stalled.",Atlantic,2017-03-29,2017-03,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
21,"This may come as some surprise, but not everything that happens in the world is about Donald Trump. Not everything is even about America. Sure, the hot takes are easy to write: Trump wants to limit immigration Brexit supporters were concerned about immigration. The elites didn’t like Brexit the elites don’t like Trump. Brexit was about patriotism and asserting national sovereignty over undemocratic multinational institutions Trump extols national sovereignty and speaks of putting “America first. ” Simply put, America doesn’t face a threat to its independence that’s remotely comparable to what the British faced with the European Union. For all the talk and concern about the UN, at its height it exercised only the tiniest fraction of the control over Washington that Brussels exercised over London. Not even the wildest Democratic globalist presidential nominee has offered up a plan to put America in a position comparable to Great Britain’s in the EU. RELATED: The Ballad of Boris and The Donald, Moreover, the commentary ignores the centuries of British unease over its relationship with the European continent. The notion that Britain would be so fully and entirely committed to the European project that it would not simply contribute to its common defense but also participate in its common government is one of the more   aspects of first English, then British history. Share article on FacebookshareTweet There has always been an immense    over British involvement in Europe, and the fact that Britain kept the pound rather than surrendering to the euro was just one of many examples that the British people  —   and successive British governments of both major parties  —   were not exactly “ ” on a united Europe. Yes, immigration was certainly relevant to the Brexit vote, but again the differences between the U. K. and the U. S. are so vast that comparisons are useless. While both countries have seen enormous increases in the size and percentage of their   populations, only the U. K. lacked the sovereignty to truly define its own immigration policies. In other words, before the people of Britain could even begin to decide for themselves the proper size of their immigrant population, it had to leave the EU.   Britain can choose to admit a greater or lesser number of immigrants, but the choice will be up to the British. RELATED: The Positive Side of Nationalism, Exit polls showed that Conservative and Labour voters who supported Brexit primarily supported it because “decisions about the UK should be taken in the UK. ” The American political debate, by contrast, isn’t about whether Washington makes decisions for America but rather about which decisions Washington makes. As I’ve argued before, our elite has established a   system that mirrors the EU’s commitment to globalism and technocratic governance, but it is still a system that is ultimately directed by and governed by American voters. This is more than just a critical distinction. It is the critical distinction. This is why it’s credible to argue that the Brexit vote represents somewhat of a “declaration of independence” for Britain. By contrast, any notion that a vote for Trump is a “declaration of independence” for America is    hilarious. America will be no more or less sovereign if he’s elected. It will just be more stupidly governed. More Brexit The SNP Won’t Let the Issue of Scottish Independence GoAfter the U. K. Election, Expect Brexit to Continue ApaceBrexit Is an Embrace of the Global Economy’s New GeographyComparing support for Brexit to support for Trump is just a way for elites to try to discredit Brexit. The case for British independence rests on centuries of British power and influence. An independent Britain has been indispensable to the growth of individual liberty and critical to the increase in global prosperity. The case against British independence rests on a   experiment in supranational governance  —   an experiment mainly conducted under the protection of American arms and thus of unknown durability in the absence of direct American support. Trump’s casual support for British sovereignty is irrelevant to the merits of the Brexit vote. The British people made their decision based on a history and political reality that is unique to Britain. Trump or no Trump, Britain would have faced the same question and made the same choice. Last week, Americans were mere spectators to another nation’s election, and not even our own powerful globalist president could change our British allies’ mind. With all due apologies to Carly Simon, we can’t be so vain as to believe Brexit is about us.,",National Review,2016-06-27,2016-06,0,0,1,1,0,0,1,1,0
22,"London  —     years ago, what has become the European Union was an embryo conceived in fear. It has been stealthily advanced from an economic to a political project, and it remains enveloped in a watery utopianism even as it becomes more dystopian. The EU’s economic stagnation  —   in some of the 28 member nations, youth unemployment approaches 50 percent  —   is exacerbated by its regulatory itch and the   wound of the euro, a common currency for radically dissimilar nations. The EU is floundering amid mass migration, the greatest threat to Europe’s domestic tranquility since 1945. The EU’s British enthusiasts, who actually are notably unenthusiastic, hope fear will move voters to affirm Britain’s membership in this increasingly ramshackle and acrimonious association. A June 23 referendum will decide whether “Brexit”  —   Britain’s exit  —   occurs. Americans should pay close attention because this debate concerns matters germane to their present and future. RELATED: Will Britain Leave the European Union or Remain In It? This begat, in 1957, the European Economic Community, a. k. a. the Common Market. Money, said Emerson, is the prose of life. The EU is the culmination of a grand attempt to drain Europe of grandeur, to make it permanently peaceful by making it prosaic  —   preoccupied and tranquilized by commerce. European unity has always been a surreptitious political project couched in economic categories. Britain’s Remain side is timid and materialistic, saying little that is inspiring about remaining but much that is supposedly scary about leaving. The Leave campaign is salted with the    spirit now fermenting in nations on both sides of the Atlantic. The Remain camp relies heavily on dire predictions of economic wreckage that would follow Brexit  —   forecasts from the U. K. Treasury, the International Monetary Fund, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, etc. Although none of these, in spring 2008, foresaw the crisis of autumn 2008, they now predict, with remarkable precision, economic damage to Britain’s economy, the world’s fifth largest, if it is detached from the stagnation of the EU. For example, the U. K. Treasury projects that Brexit would cost Britain 6. 2 percent of GDP by 2030. This confirms the axiom that economists prove their sense of humor by using decimal points. Share article on FacebookshareTweet Passion is disproportionately on the Leave side, which is why a low turnout will favor Brexit: Leavers are most likely to vote. Current polls show Remain slightly ahead, but Leave has a majority among persons over age 43, who also are most likely to vote. The most conspicuous campaigner for Brexit is Boris Johnson, the   Conservative former mayor of London. He is an acquired taste, and some thoughtful people oppose Brexit because if it happens, Prime Minister David Cameron, who leads the Remain campaign, might be replaced by Johnson. RELATED: Brexit and the Meddlesome Mr. Obama, Johnson is frequently compared to Donald Trump. Johnson, however, is educated (Eton an Oxford classics degree) intelligent, erudite (see his book on Roman Europe) articulate, and witty. (Johnson says the EU’s latest compromise with Britain is “the biggest stitch up since the Bayeux Tapestry. ” The British locution “stitch up” denotes something prearranged clandestinely.) So, Johnson’s only real resemblance to Trump, other than an odd mop of blond hair, is a penchant for flamboyant pronouncements, as when he said that Barack Obama opposes Brexit because Obama’s Kenyan background somehow disposes him against Britain. Actually, Obama likes the European Union’s approximation of American progressives’ aspirations. These include unaccountable administrators issuing diktats, and what one EU critic calls “  postmodernism”  —   the erasure of national traditions and other impediments to “harmonizing” homogenized nations for the convenience of administrators. More Brexit The SNP Won’t Let the Issue of Scottish Independence GoAfter the U. K. Election, Expect Brexit to Continue ApaceBrexit Is an Embrace of the Global Economy’s New GeographyObama said Britain would go to “the back of the queue” regarding a U. S. trade agreement. Surely, however, reaching an agreement with one nation is easier than with 28. Perhaps Obama has forgotten U. S. diplomat George Kennan’s axiom: The unlikelihood of a negotiation reaching agreement grows by the square of the number of parties taking part. Brexit might spread a benign infection, prompting similar reassertions of national sovereignty by other EU members. Hence June 23 is the most important European vote since 1945.,",National Review,2016-05-20,2016-05,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
23,"Two months ago, the world’s wise men were warning that if UK voters decided to “Brexit” from the European Union, they’d rain down economic crisis. Guess what? Today, Britain is fine  —   and has even seen a boost from its “Leave” vote. The International Monetary Fund, central bank chiefs, academic economists  —   you know, the people who study the economy for a living  —   said Brexit would be a disaster.   Minister David Cameron warned that Britons who voted to leave would risk their Social   pensions. President Obama said Britons would have to “go to the back of the queue” to ink trade deals with the United States. Now, though, Britain is showing how real   economics can correct political mistakes  —   if, indeed, Brexit was a mistake. After the vote, the British pound plummeted. Financial traders believed their government’s warnings and ditched the currency. Before Brexit, one British pound was worth $1. 48. Today, it’s worth $1. 32. The pound has fallen against other currencies, too. That has meant record visitors to Britain this summer  —   and tourists spending record amounts of money, too. In the month before Brexit, airline reservations to Britain were down compared to the previous year, the Guardian reported. After the Brexit vote, they jumped 4. 3 percent  —   and wealthier tourists bought more jewelry and watches. Other parts of the economy haven’t suffered, either. Consumer confidence and domestic spending are both up. “Retail sales smashed expectations in August,” the Daily Mail noted on Friday. Manufacturing and   reports are well and good. Of course, Britain hasn’t officially Brexited yet. Whatever trade and immigration agreements Britain eventually signs with Europe and the rest of the world will matter. But Britain has an advantage: It is a huge buyer of other countries’ goods. Germany sells more stuff to Britain every year than to any other country except one (us). Were Germany to stop doing business with Britain, it would lose $50 billion of its annual trade surplus  —   including $18 billion in car sales. The United States, too, is a huge British trade partner. We sell Britain $56 billion in goods and services a year, and buy $58 billion. Despite Obama’s warning, America isn’t going to cut off trade. What about migration?   are still warning that Britain has harmed its ability to attract top scientists, bankers and the like. But there’s nothing stopping the United Kingdom from designing a migration policy to attract lots of skilled workers, and as few or as many   laborers as it likes. Europe isn’t going to force Britain to take all the   Eastern European workers who apply. France and Germany have too much to lose on trade to stick up quite that much for poorer EU countries’ voters.   also warned of spending cuts, as the country loses EU subsidies on everything from farming to university research. But it’s an indisputable fact that Britain gives more money  —   $12 billion  —   than it gets back from the European Union each year. After Brexit, Britain will be free to spend that money as it likes, including to replace farm and research subsidies. Voters noticed, too, that being in Europe didn’t save people from Cameron’s illogical budget cuts of the past six years. Despite   interest rates, Britain cut back on libraries and raised taxes on consumer goods, adding pain to people who were suffering job and income losses. Yes, Britain still has problems. Like the United States, it still depends on cheap credit to get people to buy houses and spend money. This  —   not Brexit  —   will cause another recession someday. And workers’ retirement income is at risk  —   not because of Brexit, as Cameron said, but because private companies and the government have avoided making “required” contributions to pension funds for decades, leaving a $1   gap. Britain needs better infrastructure. Its commuter trains are a mess  —   and more expensive  —   compared to Europe’s. But these problems have nothing to do with Brexit. Britain may be dropping out of Europe, but it didn’t drop out of the world. The world still needs Britain, and the airplane parts, pharmaceutical products and theatrical productions it creates. And Britain still needs the world for the stuff it can’t make or do itself. The shock of Brexit is that it won’t change much at all  —   except providing a warning to pols around the world that the voters are at, well, the brexiting point.",New York Post,2016-08-28,2016-08,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,0
24,"On March 29 British Prime Minister Theresa May will begin Britain’s exit from the European Union by invoking Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty. It will start a   process of departure  —   and for now, we know little about what that will look like. When its members signed the Treaty in December 2007, no one could imagine circumstances in which a nation would leave. On one extreme, Britain could crash out of the EU without any deals on trade, migration or other substantive issues. Or it could agree to a “hard Brexit” regaining the right to limit EU migration within its borders, but losing access to the single market. Brexit might also break the United Kingdom apart, prompting Scotland and Northern Ireland to leave. Both voted overwhelmingly for “remain” and Scottish First Minister Nicola Sturgeon has made clear that the “harder” the Brexit, the more Scotland will push for a second independence referendum, even in the face of opposition from London. Alternatively, things could barely change at all. Earlier this month, British officials were reportedly   that would lock current trade and migration rules in place for 10 years, extending the   exit path defined in Article 50. That could have the advantage of avoiding economic shocks, perhaps even extending the process indefinitely. But it would infuriate many on both sides of the argument. May will ultimately determine how Brexit plays out. She is a canny operator who will likely be motivated by what she thinks is politically wise. But that’s difficult to determine, not least because it’s unclear what voters want. A   showed 44 percent of respondents would vote “leave” and the same portion “remain” if the referendum were held again tomorrow. Roughly 12 percent said they “don’t know”. Those proportions have barely changed since last summer. Some of the more fervent    —   such as the thousands who protested Brexit on Saturday  —   still hope the decision can be overturned. Two thirds of “remain” voters now believe there should be a second referendum, a significant  . But that seems unlikely, at least for now. Exactly what the prime minister thinks of Brexit is a matter of speculation among Britain’s political class. Officially, she campaigned for “remain”  —   but members of that campaign say she was reluctant to take a significant role. As home secretary, she embraced a tough stance on immigration, but because of Britain’s EU membership had no control over arrivals from Europe. Now, she seems to believe  —   probably rightly  —   that a desire to reduce immigration to Britain was a prime motivator behind the “leave” vote. It’s a difficult balance. Britain’s foreign workers  —   many of whom came from Europe after borders opened in 2004  —   are vital to whole swathes of the economy, not least public services such as healthcare. There is a basic political calculation here. While only a limited majority of May’s Conservative party voters chose “Brexit” for years the Conservatives have been losing ground to the   United Kingdom Independence Party (UKIP). With UKIP now suffering its own internal political crisis, May sees a chance to reverse that trend by embracing Brexit and winning back its supporters. The problem, though, is that at the time of the referendum, Brexit meant different things to different people. The 52 percent of the population who chose it were expecting very different things  —   and some may be unhappy with whatever materializes. May’s preferred option  —   somehow limiting freedom of movement while maintaining access to free trade  —   is unlikely to be on the menu. European leaders say both are central to the European project, and Britain cannot have one without the other. Those stances  —   like May’s own, which has increasingly trended towards a relatively “hard Brexit”  —   are opening negotiating positions, and could change. The worry for Britain is that European leaders may wish to exert a high price for Brexit to deter other states from following in future. The Scotland factor may also be crucial. No prime minister wants to be remembered as the one who broke the U. K. a possible incentive for May to water down Brexit to keep the Scots on board. There are signs Brexit will be less disastrous than some anticipated. The   period between the referendum and the triggering of Article 50 has mollified some of the more alarming predictions of economic collapse.  The stock market remains buoyant and unemployment    —   although the weaker currency has boosted inflation and made life more expensive. But the ongoing sense of uncertainty does real harm. Millions of people, particularly EU nationals living in Britain or British citizens abroad, are facing colossal uncertainty. The roughly 3 million Europeans in Britain must make decisions on jobs, housing, relationships and dozens of other things without any real clarity on where they will stand in as little as two year’s time. The same is true for employers. Several firms  —   particularly those in the financial services sector  —   have signaled that they are considering moving jobs to mainland Europe, worried about losing market access. May has never won an election and she does not intend to call one until Brexit is out of the way, most likely until 2020. That leaves her running on a mandate from David Cameron. He won by pledging a     EU referendum  —   but also promised that if the country chose to leave, it would be a disaster. He delivered on the first. May will have to avoid delivering on the second. The views expressed in this article are not those of Reuters News. Donald Trump and his South Korean counterpart Moon   must face North Korea’s nuclear reality: Pyongyang’s bomb is here to stay. When the two presidents hold their first summit on Friday, they need to drop quixotic efforts to stop Kim Jong Un from building a nuclear arsenal and instead focus on preventing its use. Donald Trump asked Senate Republicans to introduce a healthcare bill with “more heart. ” They didn’t. ",Reuters,2017-03-29,2017-03,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
25,"LONDON  —   In a surprise upset, a candidate of the centrist and   Liberal Democrats defeated a prominent supporter of British withdrawal from the European Union in a parliamentary   on Thursday. The victory, by Sarah Olney, delivered a badly needed lift to the Liberal Democrats, who were in danger of becoming extinct after disastrous losses in last year’s national elections, and it highlighted some of the deep divisions in Britain over its looming departure from the European Union, commonly referred to as Brexit. In the election in the Richmond Park and North Kingston constituency in southwest London, Ms. Olney had 20, 510 votes, to 18, 638 for Zac Goldsmith, according to results announced early Friday. Mr. Goldsmith won the same seat for the governing Conservative Party only last year, and by more than 23, 000 votes. He resigned from Parliament in protest over government plans to expand Heathrow Airport  —   a project that is unpopular locally. In the latest contest, Mr. Goldsmith stood as an independent but was not opposed by the Tories, who did not field a candidate. Ms. Olney, who also opposed the expansion of Heathrow, campaigned on the issue of Europe, in an affluent constituency where a large majority voted in the June 23 Brexit referendum to remain in the bloc. That move appeared to have paid dividends, helping Ms. Olney achieve one of the most striking   triumphs of recent years. “Today we have said ‘no’,” Ms. Olney said in her victory speech after the result was declared, “We will defend the Britain we love we will stand up for the open, tolerant, united, Britain we believe in. ” “The people of Richmond Park and North Kingston have sent a shock wave through this Conservative Brexit government, and our message is clear: We do not want a hard Brexit,” she added, making a reference to the clean break with the European Union desired by some   supporters of Britain’s withdrawal from the European Union. Ms. Olney’s campaign probably benefited from several days of headlines suggesting that the government of Prime Minister Theresa May has so far failed to develop a coherent Brexit strategy. Other factors may have contributed, too. Though known locally as an assiduous member of Parliament, Mr. Goldsmith attracted criticism during his campaign for mayor of London earlier this year when he accused his Labour Party rival, Sadiq Khan, of having given tacit support to extremists in the past. That tactic apparently backfired Mr. Khan won the election and became London’s first Muslim mayor. Nevertheless, Europe seems to have been a key factor in Richmond Park and North Kingston, following the Brexit referendum in which Britons voted by 52 percent to 48 percent to quit the bloc. Not only was Mr. Goldsmith a supporter of Brexit, but his father, the financier Sir James Goldsmith, was a prominent critic of the European Union in the 1990s. Zac Goldsmith’s defeat gives only a snapshot of current opinion, however, and took place in one of the most   parts of country. So far there is little evidence that Brexit supporters are changing their minds in significant numbers. Still, this win will encourage the Liberal Democrats who before last year’s electoral rout had spent several years as junior partners in a coalition government led by the Conservative prime minister, David Cameron. Mr. Cameron resigned after the Brexit vote, then gave up his parliamentary seat in Witney. In the contest to succeed him in October, the Conservatives held Witney, but with a majority reduced by more than 20, 000 votes. The Liberal Democrats finishing second. The Labour Party, the main opposition party, campaigned to remain in the European Union, but its leader, Jeremy Corbyn, is a lifelong critic of the bloc.   class voters, who have often supported Labour, voted for Brexit. That has allowed the Liberal Democrats to present themselves as the voice of the 48 percent who wished to remain in union.",New York Times,2017-04-12,2017-04,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
26,"Democracy is too important to be left to the people. That is the global elite’s collective reaction to Britain’s vote to exit the European Union, which is being portrayed as the work of   xenophobes who never should have been entrusted with a decision of such   importance. The opiate of the Western political class is cosmopolitanism, making it almost impossible for elites to understand the Brexit vote on its own terms. Britain gave us Magna Carta and such foundational thinkers on the road to democratic rule as John Locke, Algernon Sidney, and John Milton. It resisted centralizing monarchs in the turbulence of the 17th century, and defeated continental threats to its sovereignty emanating from Spain (King Philip II) France (Napoleon) and Germany (Hitler). Should it be shocking that it said “no thanks” to continuing to subsume itself in a budding European superstate? Maintaining British sovereignty, broadly construed, was the overwhelming rationale for Brexit. According to a survey by Lord Ashcroft Polls, 49 percent of leave voters said the biggest reason for exiting the EU was “that decisions about the U. K. should be taken in the U. K. ” Another 33 percent said it was the best way to regain power over the U. K.’s borders, and 13 percent said they worried the U. K. couldn’t control how the EU “expanded its membership or its powers. ” All the critics of Brexit see in the vote, though, is hostility to immigrants. There is no doubt that immigration played a large role. But a country controlling its own borders is a necessary element of sovereignty. The   population of Britain has doubled in the past 20 years, with the government powerless to stop much of the influx. It,   should be the right of the British people to decide whether they want less or more immigration. A constant refrain of Brexit critics is that leaving the EU was much too complex and important an issue to put to a referendum. But at bottom the question was simple: Shall parliament remain the supreme lawmaking body in Britain or not? This is a foundational decision that it makes sense to put directly before the voters. RELATED: U. K. Leaders Must Let the Brexit Vote Stand, Princeton historian David Bell is a critic of government by referenda, but has noted how referenda are appropriate when fundamental constitutional questions are at stake: “They represent instances when sovereign power, always ultimately held by the people, but mediated by constitutional structures, temporarily reverts to the people directly, so that they can modify or replace these structures. ” The British people voted to reject the EU superstructure that had been hoisted on top of their traditional political institutions. The vote roiled the markets, and another theme of Brexit critics is that leave voters now regret their temper tantrum. But a poll for the Sunday Mirror newspaper found that 92 percent of leave voters were happy with the outcome of the referendum. More Brexit The SNP Won’t Let the Issue of Scottish Independence GoAfter the U. K. Election, Expect Brexit to Continue ApaceBrexit Is an Embrace of the Global Economy’s New GeographyThere may indeed be an economic cost to Brexit, but politics isn’t reducible to a stock index  —   something that Americans, having once made their own tumultuous exit from an offshore power, should reflexively understand. “You are not to inquire how your trade may be increased, nor how you are to become a great and powerful people, but how your liberties can be secured,” Patrick Henry declared during a 1788 debate over ratifying the Constitution, “for liberty ought to be the direct end of your Government. ” In the Brexit vote, a free people insisted, despite the risks, that they will govern themselves. That is an admirable thing, made even more stirring by the fact that the great and good regard the move with such bemusement and derision.,",National Review,2016-06-28,2016-06,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,0
27,"People who backed Brexit in the belief it would lead to a cut in immigration into the UK were voting for something that is in effect impossible, a former member of David Cameron’s cabinet has said. Stephen Crabb, a former work and pension secretary, said that Theresa May urgently needed to outline a new set of values for a   immigration system, or the public may face a rude awakening. “For many, a vote for Brexit was indeed a vote to take back control and return to Westminster the full tools to cut immigration,” Crabb said in a article for the Guardian. “The problem is that, set against the popular expectation that Brexit means cutting immigration, there is nothing on the horizon to suggest that achieving any significant reduction is achievable or even desirable. ”  Crabb argued the fallout from US president Donald Trump’s “toxic immigration decree” had increased the need for a clearer definition of British values towards immigration. Crabb’s intervention comes after May published a white paper setting out her approach to Brexit. It contained little detail about the UK’s future immigration policy but made clear there will need to be legislation to form a new system  —   and that any changed approach would be phased in. Net migration has been rising in recent years, despite Cameron’s stated policy of reducing it to the tens of thousands. It was at a   high of 335, 000 in the 12 months to the end of June, the most recent figures available. Crabb also joined a number of other Tory MPs on both sides of the Brexit debate who are calling for the UK to guarantee the rights of EU nationals  —   an issue that could be the subject of a House of Commons rebellion during the passage of the Brexit bill next week. “By recognising their value to our economy and society, and the sheer inhumanity and impracticality of ever thinking that these families and individuals could be required to leave the place they call home, we can take the issue off the table altogether. Now that would be a powerful and positive statement of our Brexit values,” he said. He said the economy is continuing to absorb new labour arriving in the UK and no minister has been able to point to any group of foreign workers who should or would not be in the country after Brexit.  On top of that, the governments of Australia, New Zealand, Canada and India have already indicated that they will be looking for easier access for their workers to come to the UK as part of any deal, Crabb added. “There could be another rude awakening for the public when they realise that Brexit will not mean a cut in immigration after all,” he said. “It would be far better for the government to be upfront with the British public now and begin explaining current labour market and demographic realities. The previous pledge to cut immigration to the tens of thousands is, in truth, increasingly irrelevant. ” He suggested the UK should take a more sophisticated approach than a net migration target, perhaps starting with taking overseas students out of the numbers. May has been clear that cutting immigration is a priority for the government that will require the UK to abandon free movement rules within the EU and leave the single market. The prime minister has stuck to Cameron’s target of reducing net migration to the tens of thousands but has not put a timeframe on when this will happen.",Guardian,2017-02-03,2017-02,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
28,"By a   percent margin, the popular vote in the United Kingdom last night moved to detach the country from the European Union. It’s been a momentous event, building up for months with anticipation and anxiety domestically and abroad, marked by bitter campaigning, sharp regional disagreements and the murder of an  ”Brexit” member of Parliament, Jo Cox. But if you judge a country’s interests only by prevalent Google searches, it was after the polls closed when British voters started to think seriously about the implications of their choice. According to data from Google Trends, the searches for ”what is the eu” and ”what is brexit” started climbing across Britain late into the night. The polls closed at 10 p. m. local time. Though of course searches for these questions were dwarfed by the general interest in ”Brexit results,” the question ”what is the EU” spiked in popularity across all parts of the U. K. in this order: Northern Ireland, Wales, England, Scotland. Google Trends, on Twitter, has highlighted a few local spikes, too, with ”what is Brexit” a top search related to the referendum in both Northern Ireland and Scotland. Both of them voted in favor of remaining in the EU. Londoners specifically did a lot of googling for ”move to Gibraltar.” (Gibraltar is a British territory in southern Europe.) Like many in the U. K. people around the world are starting to figure out what Brexit is and what it means. Driven in large part by concerns about immigration, Britain’s unexpected decision to exit the EU won’t be settled for a few years and leaves a lot of uncertainty about the future of trade and cooperation. Read more of NPR’s coverage of Brexit here.",NPR,2016-06-24,2016-06,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
29,"’  ’ ”   Political observers aren’t dancing around it   Brexit, many of   them say, is a huge win for Donald Trump. ” ’   From veteran Republican pollster Frank Luntz and conservative   provocateur Milo Yiannopoulos to Council on Foreign Relations   President Richard Haas and former British Prime Minister Tony   Blair, the acknowledgement is there: The forces behind Brexit are   the forces behind Trump. ’ ’   And Brexit just won at the polls. ’ ’”But this is even more significant,   because Britain has never been the source of populist uprisings   like this. If Britain can vote itself out of Europe, America can   vote itself in for Trump. ”’ ’   Blair said the movement that pushed through the British   referendum to leave the EU was ”a strange coming together of   populism from the left and right.” ’ ’   Exactly what Trump needs to win in the fall. ’ ’   The presumptive Republican nominee himself wasted no time   spinning the shock results at the polls into a big win for his   candidacy. ’ ’   ”People want to take their country back,” Trump said during a   Friday press conference at what turned out to be an extremely     trip to his Scottish golf course. ”They want to have   independence in a sense. And you see it with Europe, all over   Europe. You’’re going to have more than just . .. what happened   last night.” ’ ’   Later Friday on Twitter, he echoed sentiment about how Brexit was   caused by forces similar to the ones that are bolstering his   candidacy in the states.  ’ ’  ’ ’   Haas called the unprecedented decision a ”warning” to presumptive   Democratic nominee Hillary Clinton  adding that   Brexit shows ”the potential breadth and depth of disaffection   against Washington.”  ’ ’  ’ ’  ’ ’  ’ ”   During a Friday conference call of their own, Clinton’s team kept   hammering home a counterpoint to the perceived momentum Brexit   has for Trump   the US and UK are different. ” ’  ’ ’   ”Hillary Clinton is focused on not what’’s happening in the United   Kingdom, but rather, what is happening in the United States, what   are the uniquely American challenges we are facing and what are   the uniquely American solutions that we can bring to address   those problems and help working families get ahead.” ’ ’   Sullivan would later say it’’s important to acknowledge that the   election this fall ”is about what’’s happening in America and not   what’’s happening in Yorkshire” and that Americans ”are    ” and ”have common sense.” ’ ”   Clinton’s communications director, Jennifer Palmieri, outlined a   number of ways the two countries are different as well. ” ’   When told about the argument that the Brexit vote isn’’t   indicative of any tide turning in Trump’’s favor, conservative   provocateur Milo Yiannopoulos called it a ”dumb” and ”totally   bogus and pretty panicky line to take after the fact.” He would   add that the two countries are very much alike. ’ ’   The Breitbart editor, who voted Leave, called the Brexit vote   ”fabulous for Trump” and the ”biggest single sign Trump will win   in the fall.” ’ ’   ”The media is completely and totally on one side of the   argument,” he said. ”Americans have been emboldened by the Brexit   vote to think they might actually get what they vote for. And it   doesn’’t matter if there . .. it doesn’’t matter if these   unaccountable remote losers . .. are calling them names and that   they’’re crazy for doing this. They’’re going to do it anyway, and   they might just get the president they want. I think it’’s going   to embolden people to take more risks at the ballot box, and   that’’s good.” ’ ”   The potential economic collapse won’t matter to any of these   voters, he said. ” ’   Already, the pound has collapsed and  in the aftermath of the Brexit vote. ’ ’   ”Everyone was told this [collapse] was going to happen, and it   did happen, and the people who voted for leave were still   celebrating anyway when the pound was plummeting because they   don’’t care,”  said. ”They’’re not   interested in the global economy. They want to protect their   civilization.” ’ ’   ”Don’’t underestimate the frustration of voters upon immigration   and trade, Mr. Trump’’s two big issues,” he continued. ”Brexit   just won on the two things Trump complains about all the time.   What do you think this is going to do to his campaign? Of course   it’’s going to be great.” ’ ’  ’ ”   But like Clinton’s team, not everyone is taking Brexit as a major   moment in Trump’s candidacy   or a sign of the impending Trump   presidency ” ’   Ian Bremmer, president of the Eurasia Group, echoed that   sentiment, telling Business Insider that although both the Brexit   vote and the US presidential election are all about domestic   factors   those who fear a Trump presidency need not have any   additional anxiety because of the British decision. ’ ”   The move to leave the EU, he added, will lead to a weakening of   Europe and likely the disintegration of the supranational   governing body. But it won’t happen fast enough for any major   impact on the November vote. ” ”   And, he said, it won’t have any pull on the voters Trump still   needs to swing in his direction. ” ’   ”This is really not something that will move likely voters that   are swing between Trump and Hillary [Clinton],” he said. ’ ’   Elaine Kamarck, a Harvard professor and former adviser to Vice   President Al Gore, told Business Insider that although Americans   are ”right to worry” about how the Brexit vote will bolster   Trump’’s candidacy and that   sentiment will be   ”driving” both votes, there’’s a major difference between both   electorates. ’ ’   ”Our immigrants get integrated pretty quickly and vote,” she   said, later adding, ”We have a lot of recent immigrants in   American who can vote and are mobilized to vote. Look at his   number with Hispanics.” ’ ’   She expressed surprise, though, at how great the rallying cry is   behind   sentiment in the US. ’ ’   ”Clearly a piece of the American electorate is very worried about   this,” she said. ”But let’’s face it, Europe is in a totally   different situation than us because of the situation in the   Middle East. There’’s a fear of being overrun.”  ’ ”Political observers aren’t dancing around. ..”",Business Insider,2016-06-25,2016-06,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
30,"The BBC has joined the campaign to encourage reporting of perceived “hate crimes” allegedly linked to Brexit, which have been used to portray the vote to leave the European Union (EU) as racist. [A message from a producer at BBC Three, the “youth channel” of the UK’s taxpayer funded national broadcaster, has been posted on the “Worrying Signs” Facebook group, which was set up by   activists campaigning to overturn the Brexit vote. It read:  Hi there, BBC3 are interested in hearing stories and experiences of Brexit Britain. Are you a remain voter who’s part of a strong leave voting community? Have you personally experienced negative affects of Brexit since the Referendum? Did anyone not vote and wish they had now? If you’d like to share your story, please contact Abi on abigail. payet@bbc. co. uk as soon as possible. Thanks! The Worrying Signs Facebook group has generated some truly sensational headlines. The BBC previously ran: “’Go back home’  —   Bitter backlash post EU referendum”. The Independent went with: “Wave of hate crime and racial abuse reported following EU referendum”. BBC Three ran another recent story titled: “Brexit, Racism, and Southampton’s cancelled Eid celebration” claiming the Muslim holiday had been cancelled “because of rising fears of hate crime following Brexit”. Gaging from the recent message, it is likely that the BBC are now in the process of producing a documentary along these lines, pushing the narrative that Brexit has unleashed a wave of “hate crimes” across the nation. The page is also thought be, at least partially, behind the rise in “hate crimes” reported online. “We strongly urge you to report any incidents you witness to the police and to report any inflammatory posts on social media so they can be flagged and dealt with” it urges its 19, 000 members, before linking to the police’s “Stop Hate Crime” reporting page. However, the police have repeatedly explained that the rise in “hate crimes” is due to better reporting online and is consistent with other major national events.  “We are seeing an increase in reports [emphasis added] of hate crime incidents to True Vision, the police online hate crime reporting site. This is similar to the trends following other major national or international events,” the National Police Chief’s council said in a statement on the 27th of June. If you’d like to feature in the BBC Three film, do   abigail. payet@bbc. co. uk “as soon as possible”.",Breitbart,2016-07-11,2016-07,1,0,0,0,0,1,1,1,0
31,"Nigel Farage is set to lead a 100, 000 strong march to the Supreme Court in a public show of support for Brexit, as judges rule on whether Parliament should have a say on invoking Brexit. [Mr. Farage, the interim leader of the UK Independence Party (UKIP) will lead the march from Trafalgar Square along Whitehall to Parliament Square alongside other prominent Leave supporters, The Telegraph has reported.  The event will end with a rally in Parliament Square, within sight of the court buildings where judges will listen to the government’s appeal over a recent ruling by the High Court which found that parliament should be given a vote on triggering Article 50 to begin the Brexit process. It is expected to take place on December 5, the first of four days cleared by the court for the hearing. A spokesman for the event said that Mr. Farage, along with Leave. eu backers Arron Banks and Richard Tice, had “secured support from thousands of Leave voters” for both the march and legal action. The group is planning to crowd fund £100, 000 from its supporters to pay for an independent legal team acting on behalf of Leave supporters. The barristers would be able to challenge both the government and the Remain supporters who brought the case. The march would be a “reminder about what we voted for, so there is no slippage on the single market which we think this case was used to get a negotiating stand on” the spokesman said. He added that the event would be an opportunity for “all Leave campaigners, including members of all political parties, [to] march on the Supreme Court to make a point that ‘Brexit means Brexit’. “This will remind the Government, politicians and the establishment, including the court, that they cannot ignore the democratic vote of the people in the referendum. ” The news came as Mr. Farage warned that attempting to overturn the results of the referendum risked “political anger the likes of which none of us in our lifetimes have ever witnessed”. He told the BBC’s Andrew Marr Show: “We may have seen Bob Geldof and 40, 000 people in Parliament Square moaning about Brexit. “But believe you me, if people in this country think that they’re going to be cheated, they’re going to be betrayed, then we will see political anger the likes of which none of us in our lifetimes have ever witnessed in this country. “The temperature of this is very, very high. I’m going to say to everybody watching this who was on the Brexit side, let’s try to get even, let’s have peaceful protest and let’s make sure in any form of election that we don’t support people who want to overturn this process. ” Asked whether attempts to stymie Brexit could lead to “disturbances in the street” he replied: “Yeah, I think that’s right. ”",Breitbart,2016-11-07,2016-11,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
32,"Voters in the English city of Sunderland did something extraordinary last June. They voted by 61. 3 percent to leave the European Union, even though it put tens of thousands of local jobs at risk. Why would so many people vote against the economic interests of their hometown? The answer lies in factors that also figured in the American presidential race: opposition to immigration and a perceived threat to white identity. Sunderland’s largest private employer is the Japanese carmaker Nissan. The company first came here in the   because the United Kingdom’s membership in the EU allowed the firm to export cars to the European continent,  . Today, Nissan and its network of suppliers employ an estimated 30, 000 people in the area. By voting for Brexit, residents were threatening Nissan’s business plan. Predictably, Nissan responded with a threat of its own: no more investment unless the U. K. government offered protection from the damage that Brexit could inflict on its balance sheet. Fearful of losing a crucial employer, the U. K. pledged to help Nissan remain ”competitive,” which most people took as a promise to protect it from any costs imposed by Brexit. Nissan then announced it would put two new models in the Sunderland plant. Meanwhile, the government has not, so far, disclosed any details to the public about whether that commitment includes financial support. So the crisis has been averted for now. But for many in Sunderland, this was a cautionary tale about how populist politics can put an economy at risk. ”It caused us sleepless nights, we were depressed for weeks,” said Denise Walter, a committee member at the Philadelphia Cricket and Community Club, where some Nissan workers hang out. Sunderland is part of England’s industrial heartland  —   the equivalent of Michigan or Ohio in the U. S. Like communities in those states, Sunderland has watched industrial jobs disappear over the decades, as the city’s   business moved to East Asia and its coal mines closed. Walter saw the Brexit vote as a   wound Sunderland couldn’t afford. ”Our local [council members] have worked very hard trying to bring initiatives like this to the northeast,” she said, ”and this was just throwing everything away.” Among those who voted for Brexit were people who rely on Nissan for their livelihoods. Derek Baker works for one of Nissan’s parts suppliers and voted out because he wanted the U. K. to tighten its borders and limit immigration. Baker declined to speak with NPR, but his son, Bailey, a law student at the University of Sunderland, shared an exchange they had on the issue. Bailey Baker warned his father that by voting for Brexit, he was putting his own job at risk. ”Nissan will never leave, they’ve invested so much into the plant already,” his father replied. After Nissan threatened to halt further investment, ”He didn’t speak for a couple of days,” said Bailey Baker. ”I said, ’I told you so, Dad. ’” To appreciate what drove some of the Brexit vote here, it’s helpful to visit the Humbledon and Plains Farm Working Men’s Club, which offers pool, darts and cheap beer to a local   community. On Election Day, it also serves as a polling station. About 200 people voted here in last year’s general elections, according to local officials. Turnout for June’s Brexit referendum was nearly 40 percent higher. That caught the attention of Leslie Scott, a former city mayor who monitored the polls for the Brexit referendum. ”My lasting memory of this polling station was them coming in and saying virtually every time, ’What do we do? ’” Scott recalled. ”So, we were obviously experiencing people who’d never ever voted in their lives.” Scott also noticed voters proudly displaying patriotic symbols like the Union Jack, the flag of the United Kingdom, which some U. K. white nationalists have   in the past. ”We knew then that something was different about this election,” Scott said, referring to the Brexit vote. One recent evening, a couple of dozen   women descend on the club for country line dancing. They   and spin across the worn, parquet floor past a stage draped in American and Confederate flags. Tommy Wardropper, who is sitting in the bar, says he backed Brexit to keep foreigners out. ”We don’t want more of them coming in, Muslims, immigrants. Closing our borders would be better for our country,” says Wardropper, who works as a plumber. Wardropper followed the U. S. presidential race and is a big fan of the  : ”I love Trump, because he’s going to get rid of all the alien Muslims.” Wardropper is wearing a soccer jersey featuring a red cross on a white background. It’s known as the St. George’s Cross and serves as the flag for England, separate from the Union Jack. Wardropper is proud of his English heritage but says cherished symbols like this are increasingly under attack in multicultural Britain. ”We can’t even put the George cross in our bedroom windows!” Wardropper complains. That’s not true. Even on the drive to the club, two English flags are visible outside nearby homes. When this is pointed out, Wardropper counters: ”Well, you can [show the flag] but it upsets the Muslims.” Dan Evans, one of Wardropper’s drinking buddies, also voted for Brexit because he was tired of the United Kingdom having to follow EU law. Evans also complains that Muslims get special treatment on construction sites because of their faith. Evans spent two years building a paint factory inside the Nissan facility. Like Derek Baker, he gambled that Nissan was too heavily invested in Sunderland to shut its doors. And so far, that bet has paid off. Many here, though, wonder how long Nissan will remain committed to Sunderland and are concerned about the message the Brexit vote here sends. ”I worry about the attractiveness of any further foreign direct investment in a place like Sunderland if we are outside the European Union,” says Brian Snowdon, who teaches economics at nearby Durham University, Unlike most patrons at the working men’s club, Nigel Lee voted to stay in the European Union. Lee says support for Brexit in this community was driven by one thing above all. ”The main reason up here voted to go out was racism,” says Lee, a     . For instance, Lee says, some people resent that a nearby Muslim community keeps to itself, but fail to recognize they do it in part for their own protection. ”The Irish have done it, the Jews have done it, they all live in separate enclaves,” says Lee, nursing a whisky and lemonade. What’s clear in this community is that many are determined to keep it white  —   and were willing to put the city’s economy at risk to do so.",NPR,2016-12-30,2016-12,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
33,"James Delingpole took on Bernie Sanders’s brother on BBC Radio 4’s Any Questions last night, along with   Labour MP Diane Abbott and Conservative MP Theresa Villiers. [Topics included the junior doctors’ strike, immigration after Brexit, Jeremy Corbyn’s comments on   drinks being sexist and the Hinckley Point nuclear power deal.  Speaking on Brexit, James said it was a “totally false dichotomy” that you need to have free movement of people in order for the economy to prosper. “To listen to the way some people are carrying on you’d think the referendum was still going on right now and it hadn’t been decided,” he said. “I think a lot of the arguments being raised about why we can’t have both free trade and escape from the claws on freedom of movement [are about] trying to put obstacles in the way [of Brexit]. ” “Look what has happened since Brexit,” he added. “The pound has surprisingly risen, haven fallen briefly, manufacturing has had its biggest recovery in decades. ” “We heard an awful lot of doom and gloom stuff from all the people arguing for Remain in the run up to the referendum  —   it was going to be absolute Armageddon. In fact the FTSE 100 has recovered, the FTSE 250 is doing well. “I think Britain has got a very bright future after Brexit. ” Click here to listen",Breitbart,2016-09-03,2016-09,0,0,1,0,1,0,0,1,0
34,"WASHINGTON  —   Hillary Clinton’s campaign on Sunday admitted it could be facing a “frustrated” electorate in November  —   similar to the United Kingdom, which shocked the world last week by voting to leave the European Union. Unlike Donald Trump, who has been quick to seize on Brexit to tap into nationalistic views he hopes can capture the White House, surrogates for the presumptive Democratic presidential nominee had been   any comparisons to the United States  —   before campaign manager Robby Mook finally acknowledged the connections. “There is a similarity,” Mook told “ . ” “Voters here in the United States are incredibly frustrated. There aren’t enough new jobs getting created, wages aren’t rising. So people are very, very frustrated. The next president is going to have to address that issue. ” Clinton’s top campaigner added: “And I think this  —   the Brexit event  —   is actually very instructive. ” Mook’s comments on Sunday suggested a shift by Clinton, whose communications director Jennifer Palmieri on Friday downplayed any Brexit impact on US voters: “Britain and the United States are different countries. ” Presumptive GOP nominee Donald Trump has been quick to seize on Brexit to tap into nationalistic views he hopes can turn the election for him. Meanwhile Sunday, the Clinton campaign unloaded on Trump with a new ad claiming the presumptive GOP nominee wants to profit from Brexit, to the detriment of Average Joes. The spot jumps on the Republican’s own words when Trump said his Turnberry Resort in Scotland will profit handsomely in light of the British pound’s descent, following Brexit. “When the pound goes down, more people are coming to Turnberry,” the ad quotes Trump. The Dow Jones Industrial index fell 610 points on Friday following the UK’s stunning vote to leave the EU. An ominous voice in Clinton’s   spot said Trump doesn’t pass the leadership test. “Every president is tested by world events, but Donald Trump thinks about his golf resort can profit from them,” the ad said.",New York Post,2016-06-26,2016-06,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
35,"In the recent Brexit campaign, Theresa May confirmed an already settled reputation as a political leader whose watchword was caution. She was thought to lean privately toward Brexit. She prudently opted for the position held by the majority of the cabinet: Remain. She made one    speech supporting EU membership  —   and left it at that. And after Leave won the vote and David Cameron resigned, she ran successfully for the Tory leadership on a platform of accepting the electorate’s verdict and going unambiguously for Brexit even if the only version on offer was a   hard Brexit. There is caution   in that record but there is also a clear evolution toward firmness and decision, especially at moments of crisis. 	Prime Minister May’s decision yesterday to call for an early election on June 8 demonstrates that decisiveness. There is undoubtedly a strong case, in both national and partisan terms, for an early election. May’s government has a small parliamentary majority that might in theory be whittled away in   losses and, on Brexit, in rebellions from the small coterie of   on the Tory benches. She is faced also by a hostile   majority in the unelected House of Lords that would happily take advantage of any government reverses to delay or halt the progress toward Brexit. 	From a partisan Tory standpoint, a general election that delivered the May government a larger parliamentary majority, a clear mandate to pursue its own version of Brexit, and a full five years to do so would be a massive improvement on its present straitened circumstances. From a national democratic standpoint, it’s desirable that the electorate’s vote for Brexit  —   the single biggest democratic vote in British history  —   should now be carried through to fruition by a government that has won an election on it. Such a result would also reshape the political landscape of Britain to produce a settled   polity  —   as opposed to the years of uncertainty and massive social and political divisions that would be introduced by a surprise Tory defeat. 	Unless the current polls are wildly (and universally) wrong, however, we are likely to get a solid Tory victory, if one short of a landslide. Most polls now give the Tories a lead of between 18 and 23 percent over Labour  —   and a share of the popular vote between 42 and 44 percent in what is for the moment a   system (  system if you count the regional Scottish National Party). May’s Tories will doubtless fall short of that lead in practice because some voters dislike the inconvenience of snap elections and vote against a government that imposes one on them. Also, realignment elections (and this looks like one) usually feature shifts of support between the opposition parties as well as between government and opposition. And there will be plenty of those. 	Judged against such discouraging circumstances and such encouraging prospects, Mrs. May’s courage in calling this election seems not very substantial. But Labour’s Gordon Brown flinched from a similarly attractive proposition when he succeeded Tony Blair and lost four years later and Jim Callaghan, having passed up a good opportunity to win an election in fall 1978, fell victim to Mrs. Thatcher’s onslaught six months later. Prime ministers don’t like to take risks with their own power, and they reckon that possession is nine tenths of the law. It took judgment, courage, and a cool head for Mrs. May to choose the likelihood of five more years in power over the certainty of the next three. Fortune favors the fair but gives no guarantees. 	But if we assume that although the race is not always to the swift, that’s the way to bet, what will a Tory victory mean for the future? Its first impact will be that Brexit becomes a certainty. None of the various plots and maneuvers against it will be able to withstand the democratic steamroller of an election victory on a   manifesto. The lawsuits will wither, the lords will retreat, the civil servants will rediscover the constitution, the judges will hibernate through the winter of negotiations. And in Brussels, the prospect of the inevitable will clarify the minds of Eurocrats and predispose them to negotiate seriously for a deal that benefits both sides. 	With the certainty of Brexit, the debate over the kind of Brexit will become calmer, less nervy, more a matter of calculation, less one of immediate national destiny. Mrs. May will have the authority to call the shots domestically on the terms of Britain’s withdrawal and on any new relationship with the European Union  —   and with other trading partners from the U. S. to the CANZUK countries (Canada, Australia, New Zealand, and the U. K.) to China. She will have the prestige of an   with other countries and the EU, and that will prevent them from exploiting the divisions at home and in her own party against her, as they’re doing now in the EU talks. She can go for a harder Brexit or a softer one with less angst, nervousness, and division among her supporters in business and politics because they will know that the direction to Brexit is fixed and that “all rising is by a winding stair. ” And she will have more than enough time  —   two years in negotiations, three in implementing the agreement  —   to carry Brexit through any intervening storms to a new status quo for Britain abroad and at home. 	What might be the second impact of a new domestic political status quo? Already that is becoming clearer. The fact that the Tory party has been scoring 42 —  44 percent in opinion polls for several months (compared with long periods in the mid 30s or lower in the previous ten years) shows that May has already brought together a new broad national coalition  —   one that has the potential to grow further if UKIP continues to decline with Brexit’s success. 	One aspect of this growth is that, unlike the situation in other European countries, what is called “populism” in Britain has been absorbed naturally into the formal party system rather than being a “threat” to it.   populist issues such as immigration are taken seriously by the Tory government and now influence and even shape policy. Many activists  —   often but not always    —   who would have gone into UKIP or   movements or who have become simply apathetic if Cameron’s liberal modernizers still ran the Tories are now gravitating toward a more open and less exclusive Tory party. May is setting out very consciously to make them welcome, with an emphasis on both patriotism and social concern for the “just managing” classes that echoes an earlier Toryism. 	Now that the Tories seem likely to win the next two elections or so, we can expect a similar enveloping movement to the center. Analysts of the Brexit result usually point out that   of the Remain vote was drawn from elite, professional, and   voters who would have been Conservative in previous generations. That’s true enough, and these voters seem to have seen EU membership as one expression of their class interest  —   not irrationally since the EU offered them   employment and other benefits. 	But this analysis rather glosses over the fact that   of these classes voted to Leave. That’s a lot of people in many different professions who are already sympathetic to the new emerging status quo. As Brexit develops under a Tory government, the bright Leavers will be the first people to seize the opportunities and join the new institutions that emerge to advance   Britain in whatever international contexts May negotiates in and outside Europe. 	But they won’t be the last. Britain’s   opportunities  —   and government itself  —   will exert a gravitational pull on other members of the Remain classes over time toward the   conservatism that has achieved them. Opinion follows interest. That’s why it’s important for Mrs. May and her senior ministers to ensure that Brexit is less a narrower gate into Europe than a wider one into North America, Australia, Asia, and Africa. She should lose no time in making agreements with Washington, Canberra, Ottawa, and points east, west, north, and south. Paradoxically, they will strengthen her coalition at home. 	Governing Britain is about more than Brexit, of course. Where else is Theresa May likely to take Britain if her modest little flutter of a gamble pays off? Only yesterday, before this surprise election announcement, Janan Ganesh asked and answered this question in the Financial Times. May is the daughter of a vicar and was, he thought, someone of firm and confident views drawn from a certain kind of Anglicanism: 		She favours a gentle society over a dynamic one, views the market with the suspicion of a mild social democrat and takes nationhood more seriously than the universalist end of Christianity tends to. None of these beliefs are extreme but they are held with enough strength to drive the government. 	These are not exactly my own views. I would prefer a more Thatcherite perspective on markets and dynamism. But they are not foolish, wicked, or dangerous. And they seem to fit the needs of this particular moment in Britain’s history. Mrs. May has shown courage and judgment in fighting for them. I hope she’s given the chance to put them into practice.  —   John O’Sullivan is an    of National Review.   READ MORE: ",National Review,2017-04-18,2017-04,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
36,"’  ’ ’   LONDON  —   Theresa May has been given the power to   trigger Article 50  —   the   formal process by which Britain   will leave the EU  —   after both houses of parliament voted to pass   the Brexit bill unamended. ’ ’   MPs overturned two amendments to the Brexit bill that would   have protected the rights of EU citizens living in the UK and   ensured that parliament had a ”meaningful vote” on the terms of   Brexit at the end of the Article 50 negotiating process. ’ ”   The Lords then accepted the Commons’ decision on Monday   night, paving the way for Prime Minister May meet her   timetable and . ” ’   Despite talk of a potential Tory rebellion in the Commons, both   amendments were rejected with relative ease. ’ ’   Just two Tory MPs rebelled on the issue of EU citizens rights and   none at all on the issue of a meaningful final vote. Six Labour   rebels joined with the Conservatives to vote down both   amendments. ’ ’’ ’   Brexit minister David Davis insisted that the government’’s verbal   promise to protect the residence rights of EU citizens in the UK   was ”binding” and rendered that particular amendment unnecessary. ’ ’   ”When a minister gives an undertaking at this despatch box it is   binding commitment,” Davis told MPs during a debate on   the issue of whether the rights of EU citizens would be   guaranteed. ’ ’   Earlier in the day, Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn  an ”emergency rally” outside parliament   after only around 100 supporters turned up to protest against the   government’’s refusal to accept the EU citizens amendment. ’ ”   His decision to whip Labour MPs in favour of passing the   Brexit bill, means only the Liberal Democrats the SNP and   the Green party’s one MP voted against. ” ’  ’ ’    ’ ’  ’ ’  ’ ’  ’ ’  ’ ’  ’ ’   The passing of the bill came on the same day that Scottish First   Minister Nicola Sturgeon announced her intention . ’ ”   The Scottish National Party leader told a press conference in   Edinburgh on Monday morning that Britain’s imminent exit from the   European single market gives her the mandate to give Scots   another chance to vote on independence. ” ”   Sturgeon has long promised to give Scotland another referendum if   May refuses to compromise on a number of issues regarding Brexit,   perhaps the biggest being the Scottish First Minister’s desire to   keep Scotland in the single market. ” ’   May said that another independence referendum would bring   ”economic uncertainty at the worst possible” time. A spokesperson   for the prime minister said:  ’ ”   Sturgeon wants the referendum to take place sometime between   autumn 2018 and spring 2019, which would be midway through   Britain’s departure talks with the European Union. ” ’MPs reject the 2 Brexit bill amendments put. ..’ ’’ ’’ ’’",Business Insider,2017-03-14,2017-03,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
37,"A British court has ruled that the U. K. government must get approval from Parliament in order to initiate the country’s departure from the European Union. The High Court’s decision is a blow to the government’s plans for how to trigger a ”Brexit.” But it’s been good news for the pound, which swiftly rose to a   high. That’s because the ruling suggests to some investors that a ”hard exit,” in which the U. K. severs most of its ties to the continent, is now less likely, Reuters reports. A hard exit is expected to be more of an economic shock than a more partial Brexit would be. The court’s decision could delay the Brexit  —   whatever form it ultimately takes  —   by months, the BBC says. You may remember that in June, people in the U. K. narrowly voted in favor of leaving the European Union, much to the shock of many observers and government figures. The result led to the resignation of Prime Minister David Cameron, who had called the referendum but strongly opposed the Brexit. After the public called for the departure, it was up to the government to determine how the separation would actually happen. No country had ever withdrawn from the EU like this before. Prime Minister Theresa May had been planning to define the terms of the Brexit by herself and launch negotiations with the EU early next year. ”Now, all that is up in the air,” NPR’s Frank Langfitt reports from London. The court’s ruling means that Parliament must first pass legislation approving Brexit to invoke Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty, which formally begins the process for negotiating Britain’s withdrawal. ”This could vastly complicate the government’s already fraught plans to leave the world’s largest collective economy,” Frank says. ”Before the June 23 Brexit vote, members of Parliament were overwhelmingly against leaving the EU. The court’s ruling could put members in the awkward position of opposing the will of the voters in last summer’s referendum.” The Associated Press has more on the issues brought before the High Court: ”May . .. is relying on a power called the royal prerogative that lets the government withdraw from international treaties. ”Claimants argue that leaving the EU will remove rights, including free movement within the bloc, and say that can’t be done without Parliament’s approval. ”Three senior judges ruled that ’the government does not have the power under the Crown’s prerogative’ to start EU exit talks.” The government has said it plans to appeal, Frank reports.",NPR,2016-11-03,2016-11,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
38,"The Guardian newspaper has pinned the blame for Britain’s universities sliding down the global rankings on Britain’s recent vote to leave the European Union (EU)  —   even though the research which makes up the rankings was completed before the historic vote on June 23rd, and other European countries’ institutions rankings also took a tumble. [Reporting on the news that some British universities have seen their rankings, as measured by higher education data specialists QS, slip marginally  —   Cambridge University was elbowed out of the top three for the first time since the rankings began twelve years ago  —   The Guardian pointed the finger firmly at Brexit.  “Uncertainty over research funding and immigration rules blamed for decline,” the paper splashed under its headline. Yet in its report, QS said that the fall of British universities could not be blamed fully on Brexit, and pointed out that the surveys used to construct the table were completed before the vote to leave the EU. Moreover, French, Portuguese, Italian, and German institutions have also suffered a slide in rankings as Asian universities increase their competitiveness, pointing to an   malaise rather than a specifically British problem. In fact, the British universities’ results are a mixed bag. Although Cambridge did slide from joint third place in 2015 with Stanford University to fourth place in 2016, Stanford actually overtook both Cambridge and rival Harvard to claim second place this year. Imperial College, London also slipped marginally, from eighth place in 2015 to ninth place this year but both Oxford University and University College, London, maintained their 2015 rankings, in sixth and seventh place respectively. Meanwhile, the University of Manchester and Edinburgh University both climbed in the rankings, while London claimed top spot as the city with more top 40 institutions than any other in the world. In total, Britain is home to 30 institutions in the top 200 listing. London’s mayor, Sadiq Khan, said: “Boasting more of the globe’s top universities and welcoming the most international students, London is the higher education capital of the world and I want to make sure it stays that way. ” Nevertheless, the government’s critics are willing to play up the uncertainties caused by Brexit to talk down Britain’s higher education sector. Nick Hillman, director of the Higher Education Policy Institute, said the government couldn’t be trusted to maintain funding into research  . “We don’t know where Brexit is going to take us. We do know we have got a prime minister who for all her strengths looks like she is going to continue to have no particular soft spot for universities,” he said. The slide in British competitiveness in higher education is merely the latest ill to be laid at the feet of Brexit. Yesterday the BBC ran a   warning that leaving the EU could lead to “filthy coastlines and smelly beaches,” as Britain would be released from the EU’s Bathing Water Directive  —   although there is no evidence that the government plans to relax environmental rules. In the last two days the Corporation has also run articles warning of “uncertainty over Scottish tourism”   of a spark in   by foreign investors in London, which the Corporation said was pitting investors against “jittery first time buyers” and of Japan firing a “warning shot” over Brexit, after Japanese car manufacturers with plants in the UK laid out what they would like to see from EU exit negotiations. Brexit has even been blamed for the world’s biggest uncut diamond failing to sell at auction, the cancellation of company’s annual staff party, and for a rise in the price of bacon, as well as being widely blamed for a rise in hate crime. So regularly is Brexit being linked to any negative story, that the trend has spawned the hashtag #BlameBrexit on Twitter, which disgruntled Britons are using to blame Brexit for all manner of woes including falling off their bikes, dropping their toast on the floor, and the days getting progressively shorter.",Breitbart,2016-09-06,2016-09,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,0
39,"  LONDON  —   Prime Minister Theresa May made an explosive charge Wednesday that European Union officials are meddling in Britain’s June election as tensions escalated over looming talks about British withdrawal from the European Union. Speaking outside her Downing Street offices, the British leader accused E. U. politicians and officials of issuing “threats” that have been “deliberately timed to affect the result of the general election that will take place on the 8th of June. ” Tensions between the continent and the United Kingdom have ratcheted up after a German press report about a dinner last week at which May and European Commission President   Juncker discussed Britain’s exit. The leaked account painted an unflattering portrait of May. May initially dismissed the report as “Brussels gossip,” but by Wednesday her tune had changed. “In the last few days, we have seen just how tough these talks are likely to be,” May said. “Britain’s negotiating position in Europe has been misrepresented in the continental press. ”       (Reuters)   In March, Britain triggered Article 50, the formal mechanism for leaving the E. U. setting in motion a   negotiation process between London and the bloc’s other 27 members. May’s strong language highlights how poisonous the negotiations have already become. But her remarks also signal a deliberate domestic strategy as May seeks to cast herself in the British election as someone who can go    with European officials.  [Theresa May calls for elections in June amid Brexit fallout]  Earlier in the week, May said she would be a “bloody difficult woman” in the negotiations with the E. U. Responding to May’s speech, Jeremy Corbyn, leader of the opposition Labour Party, said, “Theresa May is playing party games with Brexit in the hope of winning advantage for the Tories in the general election. ” Nicola Sturgeon, leader of the Scottish National Party, said that May was “playing a dangerous game” and that her comments could “poison” the atmosphere in future Brexit talks. May’s statement Wednesday came shortly after she met with Queen Elizabeth II at Buckingham Palace to officially start the election campaign.   European Commission President   Juncker speaks during a news conference at E. U. headquarters in Brussels on May 3. (Virginia  )  According to a leaked account in a leading German newspaper, the Frankfurter Allgemeine Zeitung, Juncker left last week’s dinner with May “10 times more skeptical” that a deal could be achieved. The two reportedly clashed over the “divorce bill,” the rights of E. U. citizens and the timing of trade talks. After the meeting, Juncker was said to have told German Chancellor Angela Merkel that May was living in another “galaxy. ” Merkel then warned that some British officials harbor “illusions” about what is possible in the forthcoming Brexit negotiations. One of the major sticking points in the early discussions is the size of the divorce bill that Britain will pay the E. U. David Davis, Britain’s Brexit minister, strongly disputed a report Wednesday in the Financial Times that 100 billion euros ($109 billion) would be the price tag demanded by the bloc. “We will not be paying 100 billion,” Davis said. The E. U.’s chief Brexit negotiator, Michel Barnier, refused to put a figure on Britain’s exit bill. But he did say Wednesday that Britain must settle its accounts before it can begin talks about a future trading relationship with the E. U. “The clock is ticking,” he said.  Read more:   As Brexit begins, the British face a Europe with far more at stake   Article 50: A guide to Britain’s untested plan for Brexit   With Brexit looming, millions wonder whether they can stay in Britain   Today’s coverage from Post correspondents around the world     ",Washington Post,2017-05-03,2017-05,0,1,0,1,0,0,1,0,0
40,"  LONDON  —   A day after the stunning High Court ruling that threatens to derail British Prime Minister Theresa May’s plans to withdraw from the European Union, few in Britain were suggesting that Brexit is dead. But for the first time since the June 23 referendum that so crushed  . U. voters, there were glimmers of hope on the “remain” side that Britain will opt for something other than a hard exit from the E. U.  “It’s the first piece of good news they have had since June,” said Tim Bale, a professor of politics at Queen Mary University of London, referring to those who voted to stay in the union. “But I don’t think anyone should be celebrating in the sense that this could scupper Brexit. But it does mean the government has lost the initiative. ” Britons voted 52 to 48 to leave the E. U. but not on what the departure would look like.     A British court has dealt a blow to Prime Minister Theresa May’s E. U. exit plan. The   panel sided with plaintiffs who contended that Parliament must first weigh in. This could lead to a significant delay to Brexit. (Griff Witte, Jason   Washington Post)   All the noises coming from the British government until now have indicated that the country was veering toward a “hard” Brexit, which many take to mean prioritizing controls on the free movement of people over access to the E. U.’s single market. But the government’s chess table was toppled Thursday after three High Court judges ruled that May has to consult with Parliament before triggering Article 50, which would start the   divorce proceedings.  Adding to May’s woes, her Conservative party’s slim majority in the House of Commons was reduced Friday when Stephen Phillips, a   Conservative member of Parliament, resigned over “irreconcilable differences” with the government. He had said in previous interviews that he was deeply unhappy with the government’s handling of Brexit. British Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson told a news conference in Berlin on Friday that the government would fight the ruling in the Supreme Court, and that their timetable for withdrawing from the E. U. remains unchanged. “It’s very important to recognize that the British people voted to leave the European Union,” he said. “That is what we are going to get on and do. ” But the Thursday ruling, if upheld, means that instead of one step involved in triggering Article 50  —   May penning a letter to Brussels at some point before her   deadline of the end of March  —   it could now involve multiple steps. The majority of lawmakers voted to “remain” in the E. U. but there have been few calls since the referendum to contradict the electorate and block Brexit. One headline in the  . U. Guardian newspaper on Friday said, “Ardent remainers: don’t let high court decision raise your hopes. ” But analysts said that Parliament’s involvement could hugely complicate May’s exit strategy.  If the government loses its case in the Supreme Court next month, Parliament would probably need to pass legislation before triggering Article 50. It is unclear what that would look like, but any such act could be subject to amendments by both houses of Parliament. It also is an open question as to how long that would take. Some of those who campaigned for Brexit argue that Thursday’s ruling is an establishment setup, a way to ignore the democratic will of the British people who decisively voted to leave the bloc. The Daily Mail newspaper featured pictures Friday of the three High Court judges on its front page under the headline “Enemies of the People. ” In an editorial, the Sun newspaper asked whether politicians would honor the “biggest ballot box mandate in British history” or “sniffily decide the little people cannot be trusted. ” Nigel Farage, a prominent Brexit eer and the interim leader of the U. K. Independence Party, tweeted: “My fear is we now get half Brexit. Establishment will try and lock us inside single market. Would be a total betrayal!” Nick Clegg, the former deputy prime minister, told the BBC on Friday that several  . U. lawmakers, including him, would seek legislation that promoted a “soft Brexit” as well as “some means by which the British people can have a say on the final deal” when negotiations with the E. U. are finished. Britain’s House of Commons has 650 members, many of whom have diverging views on Brexit. The House of Lords, the upper chamber, has more than 800 members. Anthony King, a professor of government at the University of Essex, said that the impact of having to consult with Parliament means that “the number of potential veto players or politicians of influence has suddenly increased. ” “It may never happen,” King said of Britain’s departure from the E. U. “And if it does happen, it will be as soft as the remainers and the people who want a soft exit can possibly hope for. ” ",Washington Post,2016-11-04,2016-11,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
41,"Will Brexit happen? Given that a majority of U. K. voters opted to leave the European Union in this summer’s referendum, that may seem an unlikely question. Strange, then, that Theresa May, the U. K.’s new prime minister, used an address to the Conservative Party’s annual gathering on Sunday to warn against those trying to “subvert democracy” and “insulting the intelligence of the British people” by delaying Brexit so as to “kill it”: The people gave their answer with emphatic clarity. So now it is up to the government not to question, quibble, or backslide on what we have been instructed to do, but to get on with the job. Unfortunately, not everyone has entered into the spirit of “making a success of it. ” Some have instead opted to yell into an echo chamber populated by those who, like them, voted to remain in the EU and refuse to accept that most voters disagreed with them. To take one prominent example, the philosopher A. C. Grayling insists the referendum was merely “advisory” and urges members of parliament to simply ignore that advice. “There is resistance to #Brexit in parliament, the City, business, the universities, the legal profession, education,” he tweeted last month. “With the power of this resistance the madness of #Brexit can be stopped. Organise!” More recently, he insisted that “90% of informed opinion is for Remain. ” On Saturday, his plea to followers was simply: “Don’t give up. ” So significant is the appetite among some   corners of the electorate for this     response to the largest and arguably most important democratic act in British political history, that the echo chamber even has its own house publication. The New European, a new weekly newspaper launched with admittedly admirable speed in the wake of the referendum, sells itself as the voice of the losing side and is available on newsstands nationwide. It is 48 pages long, to represent the 48 percent of the electorate who voted Remain, and to read it is to endure a nauseating mixture of political illiteracy, tokenism, and moral superiority. It offers readers “48”   for just $20 you can conspicuously set yourself apart from the hoi polloi who voted for Brexit. . . . I reject that austerity is a sound economic principle. I reject that the poor should pay for the crimes of the rich. I reject that immigration should be limited. I reject that there is any difference between races. I reject that there is any difference between individuals. I reject that the EU referendum was anything but advisory. . . On the letters page, Gillian Woodward from Stockport, near Manchester, in the north of England, reports that she corresponds with someone on death row in Texas and that “recently he wrote to me: ‘So, Gill, what do you think about England voting to leave the EU? We’re all in complete shock about it. ’” Elsewhere, contributors refuse to accept Brexit, instead planning “how to win the next referendum. ” (There are more than 4 million signatories to an online petition supporting a second vote and the   Liberal Democrats, the country’s   party, back another vote on membership once Brexit negotiations are concluded.) When New European readers are not signing online petitions, they are likely attending one of the several “rallies for Europe” that have been held since (though, bafflingly, not before) the vote. Their message is that the voters were lied to and hoodwinked by nasty xenophobes and that therefore the vote is not valid. At this year’s Last Night of the Proms  —   the conclusion of the summer   festival traditionally marked by the audience waving Union Jacks as the orchestra plays a series of patriotic songs including “Rule, Britannia!”  —   Remain campaigners distributed EU flags to   in a largely unsuccessful attempt to turn the event into a protest against the referendum vote. The biggest problem for the protesters is what has happened since the vote. The Remain campaign was built on   that, so far at least, events have proven wrong. The country has not dived into immediate recession, as voters were told it would. The government has not had to raise taxes and reduce spending as the   of the exchequer warned it would. Business confidence is high. Economic forecasts have been revised upwards. The overwhelming majority of those who backed Remain did so not because of an abiding love of, or loyalty to, the EU, but out of fear of the consequences of leaving. There is much uncertainty ahead for the U. K. but as time passes and more and more Brits realize the sky has not fallen in, stubborn Remainers will find themselves in an   minority. Whether the Remain rump likes it or not, Brexit will happen. Indeed, we now know when it will happen. In her speech, Mrs. May announced that she will invoke Article 50, the means by which a country formally notifies the European Union of its intention to leave, by the end of March next year, starting a   countdown to Brexit. By the spring of 2019, the U. K. will be a fully independent and sovereign country again. The prime minister also announced her plan to bring forward a Great Repeal Bill, which will be introduced to parliament next year and, if passed, will replace the legislation that took the U. K. into the European Union more than 40 years ago, incorporating EU legislation into domestic law until it is, piece by piece, reviewed and, potentially, scrapped. In a stroke, it will reassert the sovereignty of parliament, giving effect to the central argument for Brexit: that laws affecting British people ought to be made here in Britain. The Remain rump see the Repeal Bill’s passage through parliament as a chance to spoil the Brexit fun. They have also taken the fight to the courts, where they will argue that the government has no right to trigger Article 50 without the approval of parliament. However passionate their opposition to Brexit, they surely realize that the consequences of ignoring a vote of such importance would do untold damage to British democracy. Will Brexit happen? It has to.,",National Review,2016-10-04,2016-10,0,0,1,0,1,0,0,1,0
42," Britain avoided a collapse in mergers and acquisitions activity after the shock Brexit vote as foreign companies used sterling’s spectacular devaluation against the U. S. dollar to snap up British companies, Thomson Reuters data shows. British M&A totaled $177. 5 billion in 2016, down sharply from the record $394. 8 billion reached in 2015   a year when the UK data was skewed by two of three biggest global deals   but was in line with the longer   trend. Total annual mergers and acquisitions values averaged $139. 3 billion for the five years to the start of 2015. Britain also retained its place as the third largest M&A market after the United States and China. Behind the headline numbers, there was another clear trend: foreign buyers   such as Rupert Murdoch’s   Century Fox ( )   shopping with dollars for bargains while domestic    dealmaking fell off sharply. ”Brexit should never have been talked up as an Armageddon moment for UK M&A, especially with such a sharp devaluation in the currency which has clearly been a stimulus for overseas buyers,” Tim Gee,   M&A partner at law firm Baker & McKenzie, told Reuters. ”Much of the activity in 2016 was skewed toward foreign buyers with less    activity,” Gee said. ”Total activity levels were not really knocked that much by Brexit but who was doing the buying did shift   deal values in 2016 are very similar to the historical trend.” Inbound M&A was $143. 7 billion, again down from 2015 but way above the $85. 9 billion annual average for the 5 years to 2015, while domestic M&A was $33. 7 billion, down from an average of $53. 4 billion over the same period.  There were just 1, 355 domestic deals   the lowest figure in nearly two decades of Thomson Reuters data. 2015 was a record year for dealmaking involving   companies thanks to a series of jumbo deals including   Inbev’s ( ) $110. 3 billion acquisition of SABMiller and Shell’s ( ) $53 billion merger with BG Group. BREXIT ’ARMAGEDDON’? The June 23 vote took many investors and chief executives by surprise, triggering the deepest political and financial turmoil in Britain since World War Two and the biggest ever   fall in sterling against the dollar. On the day of the vote, sterling traded above $1. 50 but is now trading below $1. 23 and fell below $1. 15 at one point in October. While opponents of leaving the EU had warned that the United Kingdom’s economy would stall and investment stop if voters opted to exit, the data since the Brexit vote has shown the economy was resilient. Just a week after Theresa May entered Downing Street to replace David Cameron as British prime minister, Softbank ( ) founder Masayoshi Son made a $30. 7 billion move for   chip designer ARM Holdings.  ”I am one of the first people to bet with a big size on the UK after Brexit,” Son, who is ranked by Forbes as Japan’s second richest man with a $14. 9 fortune, told reporters in London at the time. ”Talking is easy. I am proving it . . . This is my big bet.” The second biggest deal of the year was struck by Murdoch: a $14. 6 billion deal to buy European   firm Sky ( ).  People familiar with the matter told Reuters the American media corporation pounced after the Brexit vote sent the pound down against the U. S. dollar and Sky’s share price tumbling.  ”The worst predictions surrounding Brexit and its potential impact on our economy have so far failed to materialize,” Derek Shakespeare,   of UK M&A at Barclays, told Reuters. ”With the weaker pound UK businesses have become 10 to 20 percent cheaper.”  ”But the devil is in the detail: we have several years ahead of us to understand what the trading relationship with the EU will look like. So there’s a degree of caution when looking at transactions in Britain,” he said. ”BREXIT MEANS BREXIT” Goldman Sachs ( )  the world’s top dealmaker, was top again in Britain’s league tables, followed by JPMorgan ( ) and Lazard ( ) which rose to third place in Britain above Deutsche Bank, UBS, Centerview Partners LLC and Morgan Stanley ( ) Thomson Reuters data showed. ”Geopolitical events such as Brexit have impacted CEO confidence for   over the first part of the year and through the summer,” said Gilberto Pozzi,   of global M&A at Goldman Sachs. ”We are now seeing a rebound in M&A activity although boards remain quite cautious in reviewing the opportunities and the pros and cons of M&A transactions,” Pozzi said. Barclays’ Shakespeare said many private equity funds have recently sold assets and cashed out of high multiples thus boosting their ability to raise funds.  So what will happen in 2017?  Baker & McKenzie’s Gee said he expected low levels of activity among financial institutions and basic materials, resources and commodities while M&A hot spots would include technology, innovation and healthcare. ”It will be a mildly better performance next year than this years with overall uptick in deal value,” Gee said. ”There is a limit to how long you can sit on your hands.” Prime Minister May, who has repeatedly used the example of Softbank’s ARM purchase as evidence that investors are confident in Britain, has promised to trigger formal Brexit talks by the end of March. But May has given few details about what sort of exit deal she will seek to negotiate. ”Investment coming into the UK is down amid uncertainty around Brexit and that uncertainty will linger into next year,” said Dwayne Lysaght, head of UK M&A at JP Morgan.  ”That said, I think uncertainty is becoming the new norm, and the fundamentals for dealmaking remain intact,” he said.   (Writing by Guy Faulconbridge; editing by Anna Willard) Biopharmaceutical company Celgene Corp will buy a stake in BeiGene Ltd and help develop and commercialize BeiGene’s investigational treatment for tumor cancers, the companies said on Wednesday. BRUSSELS French carmaker PSA Group  secured unconditional EU antitrust approval on Wednesday to acquire General Motors’  German unit Opel, a move which will help it better compete with market leader Volkswagen . ",Reuters,2016-12-30,2016-12,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
43,"If Brexit has a face in America, it is the chinless   grin of Nigel Farage. He is the former leader of the United Kingdom Independence Party (UKIP) a British anti —  European Union party that shares some characteristics with the populist movements on the march across Europe. Unless they were paying close attention to June’s referendum on EU membership, most Americans probably first caught sight of Farage in late August, when he shared the stage with Donald Trump at a rally in Mississippi. Backstage, Trump heralded Farage as the original “Mr. Brexit,” telling aides, family members and other guests what an amazing job “Nigel” had done in the EU referendum. Unfortunately for Farage, the British government is perfectly happy with the job being done by Sir Kim Darroch, the current ambassador. But, like many an ambitious Brit before him, Farage remains determined to make it stateside. His airtime as a pundit on American television news seems to grow and grow, and next year he will embark on a speaking tour of the United States. Farage’s inclusion on the shortlist for 2016’s Time Person of the Year confirms the international standing of a politician not long ago considered a sideshow in British politics. Given that America will, whether she likes it or not, be seeing more Mr Farage in the months to come, it is important to understand who he is  —   and who he is not. The coalition that campaigned for Brexit was fragmented and, from day one, almost fatally distracted by infighting between its various factions. One of the earliest decisions made by Vote Leave, the official campaign group for the Leave side, was to have as little to do with Nigel Farage as possible. Polling from the years leading up to the referendum showed an undeniable correlation between a rise in support for UKIP and a fall in support for Brexit, the party’s founding cause. In other words, the more the case against EU membership came to be identified with Nigel Farage, the less popular it became. The New Statesman even gave this phenomenon a name: the Farage paradox. Leave campaigners understood that there is a difference between a 15 percent   and a 50 percent statesman. When it came to galvanizing support in a homogeneous corner of the electorate, Farage was more effective than anyone in British politics. He took UKIP out of the doldrums and into a position where they won 3. 8 million votes in the 2015 general election, putting the party third in terms of the popular vote. But a Brexit vote meant winning a the majority of the population to the idea of leaving the EU. To do so, the cause desperately needed a leader with nationwide,   support. They got that in February, when Boris Johnson, the former mayor of London and now the foreign secretary, announced he would campaign for Brexit. Although a late convert to the cause, Boris  —   that he is invariably referred to by his first name is a clue his widespread, if baffling, appeal  —   was the most visible Brexiteer during the referendum campaign, touring the country in a giant red bus. Other mainstream politicians took a leading role, too. Michael Gove, the former education secretary, was prominent, as was Gisela Stuart, a   Labour member of Parliament who in television appearances assuaged concern among voters that a vote for Brexit would be a vote for   Little Englanders. After the referendum, even Farage conceded that Leave would have lost without Boris. While Leave strategists could exclude Farage from the official campaign, they could not, of course, stop him from campaigning for Leave altogether. He toured the country in a bus of his own (this one was UKIP purple, with a giant image of his face on the side) making a more provocative case for Leave, focusing on immigration almost to the exclusion of everything else. If Farage deserves credit for his role in Britain’s voting to Leave, it is for securing a referendum in the first place, not delivering victory in that vote. Soon after taking over as UKIP leader in 2006, he made hay from the discontent about the scale of immigration into Britain and from the growing distrust of the political class in Westminster. From 2010, with the   crisis was in full swing, British Euroskeptics, the noisiest among them Farage, could point across the English Channel to an institution so obviously incapable of effective government. Farage was relentless, never missing an opportunity to link the anxieties (for which he has a better ear for than many of his rivals) of British voters to the country’s EU membership. This soon paid off for UKIP, which surged in the polls. The prime minister, David Cameron, started to worry that this   insurgency would drain Conservative votes away and cost him the 2015 general election. A commitment to renegotiate the terms of the UK’s EU membership, followed by a referendum he was confident he would win, he thought, would placate Euroskeptic Conservatives flirting with switching to UKIP. And so, in January 2013, the British people were promised a vote on EU membership. We now know that Cameron’s concern was unfounded UKIP appeals as much, if not more, to the traditional   Labour vote, meaning that the political case for a referendum was without foundation. After the referendum pledge, UKIP, along with Euroskeptic Conservative members of Parliament, played their part in making sure Cameron did not break his promise. That significant, but by no means decisive, role in the Leave result is surely not enough Farage to have earned the sobriquet “Mr. Brexit. ” Next time you see Nigel Farage on your television screen, keep one thing in mind: Whatever he may say, he does not speak for all Brexiteers. His Trumpian brand of Euroskepticism may have won some voters to the Leaving side, but it likely put just as many off. To equate leaving the EU, an idea that the majority of voters backed, with support for Farage’s worldview, complete with his hard line on immigration, admiration of Russian president Vladimir Putin, and isolationist   instincts, is a disservice to the British people. More Brexit The SNP Won’t Let the Issue of Scottish Independence GoAfter the U. K. Election, Expect Brexit to Continue ApaceBrexit Is an Embrace of the Global Economy’s New GeographyIf Farage has shown a talent for rewriting history in the wake of the Brexit vote, he appears to be stretching the elastic limits of the truth after the U. S. presidential election. While the political and demographic parallels between Brexit and Trump are doubtless there, they are greatly exaggerated. Talking to a British audience recently, however, Farage took the argument one step further. “In this amazing, transformative, and in many ways revolutionary year of 2016,” he said, “it is Brexit that directly led to the establishment getting beaten on November 8th and Donald J. Trump about to take the presidency. ” In other words, there was a causal relationship between the two. Just as Farage did not deliver Brexit, Brexit did not cause Trump’s victory. Never forget that Nigel Farage, like Donald Trump, is surfing the wave, not controlling the tides.,",National Review,2016-12-09,2016-12,0,1,0,1,0,0,1,0,0
44,"Theresa May will aim to strike a defiant tone in her upcoming Brexit speech on the risks to the rest of the EU of giving Britain a raw deal, echoing the combative approach taken by the chancellor. In a speech by the prime minister on Tuesday that will be watched closely in EU capitals, Downing Street is keen to impress that there are potentially lucrative economic opportunities elsewhere, weeks before the UK is expected to trigger article 50.  Philip Hammond, in an interview with German newspaper Welt am Sonntag, warned that Britain would “do whatever we have to do” to regain competitiveness and appeared to accept that the UK was prepared to become a tax haven if necessary. The chancellor was responding to a suggestion that “the impression on the European continent is that your government sees the future business model of the UK as being the tax haven of Europe”. Hammond said “most of us who had voted remain would like the UK to remain a recognisably   economy, with   taxation systems,   regulation systems etc. I personally hope we will be able to remain in the mainstream of European economic and social thinking. But if we are forced to be something different, then we will have to become something different”. The Labour leader, Jeremy Corbyn, said the comments suggested the threat of “some sort of trade war” with Britain’s EU partners, and accused Hammond of wanting to turn the UK into a bargain basement economy. “It really doesn’t seem to me to be a very sensible way forward,” he said. Brexiters in the cabinet believe the government would be better placed to reach ambitious trade deals with countries outside the EU, including the US, if it were not tied into existing arrangements. The pound hit a fresh   low in the wake of reports on May’s speech, falling below $1. 20 in trading on Sunday night. One analyst warned that sterling will go on a market “ ” following claims that the UK will seek a hard Brexit.  So far, EU leaders have been united in saying there will be no “cherry picking” of legislation, suggesting that May will not be able to impose strict limits on immigration while retaining the economic benefits of EU membership. In his interview on Sunday, the chancellor reiterated the government’s view that the Brexit vote was a signal that voters would like to see tougher controls on immigration. “We are aware that the message from the referendum is that we must control our immigration policy,” he said. Hammond’s intervention came after Mark Carney, the Bank of England governor, told the Treasury select committee the greatest risks to financial stability from an unruly Brexit were for other EU members. The prime minister’s speech at Lancaster House in London on Tuesday will be analysed carefully in financial markets for signs that the government has abandoned the idea of remaining in the single market. Sterling fell sharply after May’s party conference speech in October, in which she appeared to signal a hard Brexit. The pound, which hit a   low against the dollar after the referendum, will be under further pressure if May rules out staying in the single market. There has been no decision about whether to publish a document setting out May’s approach to Brexit negotiations or let the prime minister’s speech stand as the plan, as she promised to MPs. Over the weekend, the Brexit select committee, chaired by the Labour MP Hilary Benn, but including the key   Conservatives Michael Gove and Dominic Raab, called for the government to publish a formal white paper setting out its priorities for when talks begin. The government is awaiting the result of the supreme court appeal on whether it must consult parliament before triggering article 50, beginning the formal divorce process with the EU. A verdict is expected within a fortnight. May is likely to emphasise Britain’s enthusiasm for pressing ahead with negotiating trade deals with countries including the US. In his interview, Hammond said the Brexit vote was not a sign that Britain has chosen to take a more isolationist stance and rejected the comparison with the forces that swept Donald Trump into the White House. “I can’t speak for what is going on in the US, that is a different political movement. But in my judgment, it would be a mistake to read the Brexit vote as being part of the same strand of thinking that has formed in the US. If you look at the media and the reporting during the Brexit referendum campaign, there was no   rhetoric. It was the exact opposite,” he said.",Guardian,2017-01-15,2017-01,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
45,"Despite all the hysteria from media and political elites that claimed the UK would stagnate if British voters passed Brexit to leave the EU, it turns out that UK stocks are higher a week later while the other stock markets are still down. [In perhaps the most arrogant establishment response on the first day after the Brexit vote, Harvard educated James Traub, wrote in the elite Foreign Policy Magazine: “It’s Time for the Elites to Rise Up Against the Ignorant Masses. ” Traub demanded that elites use their power to nullify the vote by the “fist shaking” British rabble, because it represented an “utter repudiation of the bankers and economists and Western heads of state who warned voters against the dangers of a split with the European Union. ”  But a week after the referendum victory for the “leave” voters, the British stock market index is up +2. 6 while the French shares tanking  .3 percent, German equities tumbling  .3 percent and U. S. stocks down about 1 percent. The UK remains a member of the European Union, and will do for some considerable time to come. Which means for the terms of trade, regulation, free movement and so on, the UK government and private sector are operating under precisely the same rules as they did a week ago. Any “impacts” therefore are the result of expectations  —   or uncertainty  —   about what will change in the future. According to the stock markets where individuals put real money behind their expectations, the UK is financially better off from the Brexit while France and Germany are worse off. For the United States investors, the Brexit is not financially a big deal. As Breitbart News predicted, Brexit caused a 10 percent decline in the exchange rate of the British pound versus the euro. But this means that British exports are cheaper and more competitive in continental Europe while the Continent’s goods are more expensive. This explains why UK stocks are up. Breitbart News also predicted that the UK’s sovereign credit rating would be cut, but markets already expected the downgrade and UK bonds traded up as interest rates fell to the lowest point since the   century. The Brexit vote has already slowed immigration to the UK and there appears to be the possibility of a sharp reversal of migration flows between the UK and the rest of Europe. In first hours following the June 23 Brexit vote, the   establishment demanded that the United Kingdom pay a punitive economic price for having the audacity to threaten the EU’s viability. According to EU President Martin Schulz: “The British have violated the rules. It is not the EU philosophy that the crowd can decide its fate. ” The only punitive suggestion against the UK so far is that the European Parliament threat to eliminate English as the official government language. But English is the only language spoken by the majority of the other 27 nations of the EU. Despite Germany’s financially domination of the EU, few of the 26 other member states speak “Deutsch. ” Europe and the United Kingdom had already created a     across the western continent by the 1980s, through the European Economic Community and the European Trade Association. So Mikhail Gorbachev, the last leader of the Soviet Union, famously said in 2007, “The most puzzling development in politics during the last decade is the apparent determination of Western European leaders to   the Soviet Union in Western Europe. ” Big Government, Breitbart California, National Security, Brexit, communism, EU, ignorant masses",Breitbart,2016-06-30,2016-06,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
46,"Donald Trump is said to have told European Union leaders he is worried Americans may lose jobs as a result of Britain leaving the EU, in what would amount to an extraordinary   by the US president. An EU source said Trump spoke of the risks to the global economy posed by Brexit during a   meeting in Brussels with Donald Tusk and   Juncker, presidents of the European council and European commission respectively. “Russia, Ukraine and Brexit were covered during the   ” the EU source said. “On Brexit, US expressed concern that jobs in the US would be lost because of Brexit. ” Further details of Trump’s comments were not immediately available but the claim raises questions about whether he still believes the UK made the right decision in the EU referendum last June. The president was a cheerleader for Brexit, describing June’s voteas a “beautiful, beautiful thing”. After meeting Theresa May at the White House earlier this year, he claimed Brexit would be a “wonderful thing” for Britain. He also suggested in the past that other countries might follow Britain out of the   bloc, although in recent weeks he has publicly revised that view, claiming the EU has been doing a “better job” of late. Those who campaigned for Brexit took succour from Trump’s consistent claims that he would reward the UK’s decision to leave the EU with a swift free trade deal. EU officials, however, believe that since taking office he has come to a greater appreciation of the value of European integration to the US, whose business leaders have generally supported the way single market rules offer efficiencies for exporters. It was even claimed by unnamed US officials recently that Britain had been pushed behind the EU in the queue to strike a free trade deal. During a private conversation last month, Angela Merkel is said to have convinced Trump that talks on a   deal would be easier and more beneficial than he thought. It was reported that Trump had asked the German chancellor 10 times if he could negotiate a trade deal with Germany. Every time Merkel reportedly replied: “You can’t do a trade deal with Germany, only the EU. ” “On the 11th refusal, Trump finally got the message: ‘Oh, we’ll do a deal with Europe then,’” an unnamed German politician was quoted as saying. This suggests the Transatlantic Trade and Investment Partnership (TTIP) trade deal between the EU and US, shelved after Trump’s election victory, could be revived. Such a development would be embarrassing to   Brexiters. The foreign secretary, Boris Johnson, claimed after meeting the president’s advisers in January, that Britain would be “first in line” for a deal and scorned the view of the former president Barack Obama that the UK would be at the back of the queue.",Guardian,2017-05-25,2017-05,0,0,1,1,0,0,1,1,0
47," Donald Trump celebrated the Brexit vote as a ”great thing” on Friday  —   proof that the United Kingdom’s voters had ”taken back their country” by abandoning the shackles of the European Union.    The reaction from Hillary Clinton’s campaign was more muted. ”We respect the choice the people of the United Kingdom have made,” said Clinton’s statement, released Friday morning. ”Our first task has to be to make sure that the economic uncertainty created by these events does not hurt working families here in America.” Like most global leaders, Clinton had expressed support for the ”Remain” camp throughout the referendum. But she also noted the need for ”calm, steady, experienced leadership”  —   trying to draw a clear contrast between herself and Trump  —   in the face of the global economic uncertainty Brexit caused:     This time of uncertainty only underscores the need for calm, steady, experienced leadership in the White House to protect Americans’ pocketbooks and livelihoods, to support our friends and allies, to stand up to our adversaries, and to defend our interests.  It also underscores the need for us to pull together to solve our challenges as a country, not tear each other down.     How the Brexit highlights the choice the US has to make The Brexit vote could hurt Clinton by dragging down the global economy, an event that political scientists tend to believe would give a generic Republican presidential candidate a boost. But Trump is not a generic Republican candidate. On Friday, he openly celebrated the upheaval following Brexit, calling it an opportunity for the UK to declare ”their independence from the European Union” and ”reassert control over their own politics, borders, and economy.” He cited the Brexit vote as evidence of a hunger for   populist politics.    Clinton, in her statement, is making the case for her own candidacy by betting that people would rather see an experienced politician at the helm in uncertain times. These dueling reactions also mirror how the candidates responded to the Orlando massacre: Trump by saying it reaffirmed his focus on the danger posed by immigration (even though the shooter was an   citizen) and Clinton by saying it reaffirmed the need for a steady hand at the wheel. Voters will have to choose between these clearly competing visions. ",Vox,2016-06-24,2016-06,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
48,"David Davis is likely to introduce a “straightforward” Brexit bill on Thursday, two days after a significant ruling by the supreme court, sources have suggested. The secretary of state for exiting the EU said he would respond quickly to judges’ demands to give MPs and peers a vote in parliament but warned that the “point of no return” for Brexit had already been passed. “This does not change the fact that the UK will be leaving the European Union,” he said. The government is hoping to publish the bill on Thursday but there is a possibility it could slip beyond that. Davis said the legislation would be narrow, focusing only on the question of triggering article 50, and warned that it must not be used as a “vehicle for attempts to thwart the will of the people, or frustrate or delay the process of our exit from the European Union”. “This will be the most straightforward bill possible, to give effect to the decision of the people and respect the supreme court’s judgment,” he added, stressing that it was not about whether the UK would leave the EU, because that had been decided by the June referendum. Davis said government lawyers were scrutinising the long judgment, but made clear that he remained confident article 50 would be triggered by the deadline at the end of March. “This timetable has already been supported by this house,” he said, saying the legislation would be separate to the “great repeal bill”. Davis was urged by Brexiters in parliament to issue the legislation quickly and keep it short, but was also pressured by opposition figures and MPs on his own side to publish the government’s Brexit plan as a white paper in order to allow further scrutiny. Ministers have claimed May’s Brexit speech at Lancaster House was an adequate plan. The shadow Brexit secretary, Keir Starmer, said: “Labour accepts and respects the referendum result and will not frustrate the process. But we will be seeking to lay amendments to ensure proper scrutiny and accountability throughout the process. That starts with a white paper or plan. “A speech is not a white paper or plan, and we need something to hold the government to account throughout the process. You can’t have a speech as the only basis for accountability for two years or more. ” Starmer was backed on the issue by Labour’s Hilary Benn, who chairs parliament’s Brexit committee, and a series of Conservative backbenchers including Ben Howlett who said: “I believe that the government should publish a white paper in order to enable my constituents to have their views heard. ” Another Tory MP, Anna Soubry, said MPs should be able to discuss not just the triggering of article 50 but also the decisions to abandon the single market and free movement without debate or a vote.  “What has my honourable friend got to lose with a debate on a white paper?” she asked. Davis  —   who had described May’s speech on Brexit last week as “the clearest exposition of a negotiating strategy I have seen in modern times”  —   said the prime minister’s address was sufficient explanation.  “I’m afraid it’s very difficult to see how you can leave the European Union and still stay inside the single market, with all the commitments that go with that,” said Davis.  Julian Lewis, the Conservative MP for New Forest East, questioned the motives of those pursuing a soft Brexit, saying they wanted to leave the EU but remain a member “in all but name”. The former cabinet minister Iain Duncan Smith said the fact that it was a split judgment showed it was right for the government to take the case to the supreme court, but pushed for no further delays. “May I urge [Davis]  —   when he brings this in front of us  —   to keep it short, to keep it simple and most of all, to keep it swift,” he said. Aside from demands for a white paper, there were also calls for the final vote on the Brexit deal to be “meaningful”.  The Green party   Caroline Lucas asked that the bill be early enough in the process to allow time for a renegotiation if MPs and peers rejected it, rather than crashing out of the EU without a deal. The SNP’s Brexit spokesman, Stephen Gethins, asked why the government “feared parliamentary scrutiny”. He said the Tories had only one MP in Scotland, and asked Davis to “seek consent” from the Scottish parliament before legislating on areas over which it has responsibility. Davis argued that despite the court’s decision that the government need not obtain approval from the devolved administrations, he would consult key figures in Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland. Davis also made clear that the government supported the right of the judges to come to their conclusion, after the Daily Mail argued: “Yet again, the elite show their contempt for Brexit voters. ” “We believe in and value the independence of our judiciary, the foundation upon which the rule of law was built,” he told colleagues.  That followed a statement from the justice secretary, Liz Truss, who faced criticism for not defending the appeal court justices denounced by sections of the media as “enemies of the people” after they ruled against the government.  Truss said: “Our independent judiciary is the cornerstone of the rule of law and is vital to our constitution and our freedoms. The reputation of our judiciary is unrivalled the world over, and our supreme court justices are people of integrity and impartiality. ” The shadow attorney general, Shami Chakrabarti, argued that it was not enough, and that the prime minister should also speak out. “We have to be absolutely clear: the courts have done their job,” she said. “They have not made a political judgment, but just upheld a principle of parliamentary sovereignty which the Brexit supporters said their campaign was all about.  “The three judges in the [high court] were vilified and put at personal risk and that is unacceptable. We need more than a statement from Liz Truss, which is too little too late. We need something from Mrs May. ” The eagerly awaited ruling routes the protracted Brexit process through parliament, handing over to MPs and peers the authority to sanction the UK’s withdrawal. The decision sets clear limits on the extent of the government’s executive powers. Rights embedded in the law by the 1972 European Communities Act, which took the UK into what was then the European Community, cannot be removed by the government’s prerogative powers, a majority of the justices declared. The supreme court made clear that it was up to parliament to decide what form the legislation would take, and a very brief statute would “not undermine its momentous significance”.",Guardian,2017-01-24,2017-01,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
49,"Three, two, one   …     Panic! With less than a week to go before British citizens have to decide whether they want to remain part of the European Union, investors in the United States are finally waking up to the fact that the outcome of that Brexit vote will actually have an impact on   financial markets at home.  True, whatever happens to the Standard  Poor’s 500 stock index on 23 June, in response to the vote results, probably will pale in comparison to either the sigh of relief or the ripples of panic that will flow through Europe’s financial markets. But this is the 21st century in less time than it takes to blink, much less read these words, news travels from one corner of the globe to another, and hedge funds and other large investors will respond equally rapidly.   US investors have an unfortunate tendency, encouraged by the fact that the country’s stock market makes up at least half of the world’s market capitalization which makes it easy for us to never venture into foreign stocks, to forget that what happens abroad can take a toll on our returns. Indeed, we sometimes wake up to important global economic events  —   the near implosion of the European Union due to the catastrophic economic problems in Greece and the related problems in countries like Spain and Ireland China’s slowdown  —   only when spills over into our own world.  That’s why polls showing the Brexit vote may result in a majority of Britons voting to leave the EU are only now starting to rattle US financial markets, months after British and European stocks and bonds began feeling the chill.  The tragic killing of British parliamentarian Jo Cox, shot and stabbed by a suspect who may have shouted “Britain first!” a slogan associated with a   group and   protesters who also support Brexit, has led to a pause in the campaign, and the resulting lull in the heated debate may yet cause some to reconsider their votes. (Many Britons who say they will vote in favor of Brexit may end up doing so more out of a desire to curb immigration than any other factor.) But in the US, investors should take advantage of this opportunity  —   as well as a chance to contemplate the horrible extremes that heated political debate can produce  —   to contemplate what may be the short  —   and   impact of a   vote, and prepare ourselves accordingly.  Laurence Wormald, head of research at FIS, a financial technology company, has run a “stress test” or a hypothetical scenario analysis, and calculated that if Britons vote in favor of Brexit, the SP 500 would fall 5% and banking stocks would fall 8% while volatility in the broader stock market would soar 40%.   That’s the simple and straightforward scenario, however. If such a Brexit vote prompts other   parties in other countries to renegotiate their relationship with the European Union, that would create what FIS refers to as “exit contagion”. That would send British stocks down 20% European stocks down 15% and US stocks down 10% volatility in British and European markets would double, and in the US market it would soar 60%. That would make the stock market a very, very uncomfortable place to be for the remainder of the year.  There are plenty of reasons why the Brexit vote matters to US companies. Nearly a third of sales that these firms make throughout Europe are executed by their British subsidiaries these tend to be their European headquarters. Paris, Frankfurt, Berlin, Amsterdam and other cities run distant seconds and thirds when it comes to establishing a European toehold for a US firm. But if Britain leaves the EU, companies will have to increase their costs and restructure their resources, maintaining access to both the EU and to Britain.   It’s a particularly costly problem for the banks, since London  —   despite fierce and combative efforts by Milan, Paris, Frankfurt and Dublin  —   clearly has become Europe’s financial center. Banking analysts have already calculated that in the short term, at least, this would be yet another financial headwind for big banks such as JP Morgan Chase, Goldman Sachs and Citigroup, which would see their revenues slump (in response to the Brexit turmoil and the transition) and their costs climb as they have to relocate and lay off personnel. Little wonder that the banks have been putting forth some of the most dire warnings of what would happen following a   vote, with Goldman Sachs, at one point, arguing that the British pound could crash in value by as much as 20%.  If you’re very worried about Brexit, you might want to take a look at your portfolio for a handful of stocks that have British subsidiaries that generate a hefty proportion of the parent company’s revenue. (Alternatively, these are companies whose stocks might be poised for a rebound if voters reject Brexit.) Helpfully, JP Morgan’s equity strategy team has put together a list of 22 companies that fall into that category, led by firms such as Penske Automotive, PPL Corp (an electric utility) PRA Health Sciences, investment firm Invesco Ltd, Xerox  Ford Motor, eBay, PayPal Holdings and Legg Mason.  All of these companies rely on the UK to some extent, but we can’t really anticipate how they’ll respond to Brexit, however. That’s part of the problem. The   market volatility relates to what investors think will happen in the future it is the uncertainty that is making markets jittery today. Then, too, the referendum’s results aren’t binding Britain’s parliament would have to develop and pass the necessary legislation, and that will at least take time.  Only after both voters and parliament approve Brexit, and it becomes law and is implemented, will we be able to gauge what it means for business and financial markets. While the latter always try to anticipate, rather than react, to events, an event as seismic as Britain’s departure from the European Union simply can’t be compared to trying to predict, say, a company’s next quarterly earnings.   There are twin risks associated with Brexit right now for US investors. The first is to simply ignore the looming vote, and its   risks and the potential   ramifications of a “yes” vote. The second is to give it too much weight. The trick for at least the next week will be walking that very fine line.",Guardian,2016-06-19,2016-06,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
50,"Senior business figures have heaped further pressure on Theresa May to change course for a softer Brexit in the wake of the election, amid fresh warnings of the impact of immigration controls and leaving the single market. Stuart Rose, the Tory peer and chairman of online grocer Ocado, who backed Remain, said the election had been a “proxy  ” against hard Brexit. Karan Bilimoria, the founder of Cobra beer and Remain backer, said the prime minister had “zero credibility” and that Britain could now rethink leaving. And Brian McBride, chairman of ASOS and Wiggle, has raised concerns about access to labour and customs checks. Business groups are pressing Downing Street for a change in tone, as well as a formal role in the Brexit process. They also want an end to May’s repeated mantra that “no deal is better than a bad deal”. Josh Hardie, the CBI’s deputy   said: “It is a time for reflecting on how businesses are feeling. It is absolutely clear that for the new government, the priority has got to be putting the economy first. ” The intervention comes on the eve of Brexit talks that begin even before May has finalised a governing deal with the DUP or navigated a curtailed Queen’s speech through parliament. The chancellor, Philip Hammond, who had been in line for the sack before the election result, is also signalling he wants a softer Brexit that could include a more comprehensive transitional deal. In comments putting him at odds with the prime minister’s determination to go for a hard Brexit that includes leaving the single market, customs union and slashing immigration, he will today assert that the majority of Britons want a deal that protects jobs, economic growth and prosperity. David Davis, the Brexit secretary, says on Sunday that he would head into Monday’s Brexit talks aiming to “secure a deal that works for all parts of the United Kingdom” but signalled that the plan was still to leave the customs union and reduce immigration. “We will soon introduce bills for new immigration and customs arrangements, and the great repeal bill will transpose all EU law into UK law,” he said. The bill, which could be hit by a series of parliamentary rebellions, will be introduced as part of the Queen’s speech on Wednesday. The government also risks accusations of weakness by announcing that the parliamentary session will be extended to two years, effectively avoiding another Queen’s speech next year. Insiders insisted the move would give MPs “time to consider crucial legislation” on Brexit. They said it will still be a “substantial legislative programme” designed to tackle social injustice. Meanwhile, British businesses have sounded the alarm over damaging labour shortages after Brexit, with thousands warning that they will be hurt by even a modest move away from the EU’s free movement rules. Almost a quarter of the business community say that restricting entry to Britain to EU migrants with a job offer would have a negative impact on them, rising to 30% of companies in   industries. The warning is contained in a comprehensive analysis of business views on migration by the Chartered Institute of Personnel and Development (CIPD) and the National Institute of Economic and Social Research to be published on Monday. The report contains alarming findings, revealed exclusively to the Observer, over the number of companies who believe they will be damaged by a move away from freedom of movement rules. It includes a poll of more than 1, 000 companies, weighted to represent Britain’s business community, which finds that 23% believe allowing in an unlimited amount of EU migrants with a job offer would have a negative impact on their organisation. More than a third (35%) of businesses in   industries said they recruited EU nationals because they cannot fill the positions with   applicants, signalling that labour shortages could result from a clampdown. There was even more disquiet about stricter schemes among the 91% of companies that expected to hire EU migrants. Some 28% warned that giving skilled EU workers   visas would hurt them. More (30%) said that   visas for unskilled workers would do damage. A 10th of businesses warned that the numbers of EU nationals they were hiring was already falling in the wake of Brexit. Peter Cheese, chief executive of the CIPD, said: “Businesses are clearly sounding the alarm on the impact that constraints on immigration could have on the economy. ” The shifting political landscape has led some   business figures to speak out. Rose said: “I believe [the election] this was a proxy  . I think it was the public’s way to demonstrate that all was not all as they wanted. Is this an opportunity to have a rethink? “I think [the single market and customs union] should still be on the table. Who is going to tell the man on the Clapham omnibus, and when will they tell him, that he is not going to be better off?” Bilimoria said: “We have a prime minister who has zero credibility  —   with the country, with her party and in parliament. She was the driving force in pandering to the Brexiters in her party who were in the driving seat. ”",Guardian,2017-06-17,2017-06,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
51," Prime Minister Theresa May will use a major speech on Brexit next week to call on Britons to reject the acrimony of last year’s referendum and unite around the vision of a Britain more open to the world, her office said on Sunday. May intends to kick off the formal process of negotiating the terms of Britain’s exit from the European Union by the end of March, but has given little away about what deal she will be seeking, frustrating some investors, businesses and lawmakers. She is due to make a speech in London on Tuesday before an audience including foreign diplomats as well as Britain’s own Brexit negotiating team and other senior officials, May’s Downing Street office said in a statement. It said she would stress the need for Britons, who voted for Brexit by 52 to 48 percent in last June’s referendum after a deeply divisive campaign, to unite around common goals such as protecting and enhancing workers’ rights. ”Now we need to put an end to the division and the language associated with it  —   ’Leaver’ and ’Remainer’ and all the accompanying insults  —   and unite to make a success of Brexit and build a truly global Britain,” May is expected to say. Her comments came as finance minister Philip Hammond said Britain could change its economic model to regain competitiveness if it were to leave the EU without an agreement on market access. Those comments, from an interview with German newspaper Welt am Sonntag, were interpreted as a warning that Britain could use its corporate tax as a form of leverage in Brexit negotiations. ”He appears to be making a sort of threat to the European community,” said Jeremy Corbyn, leader of the opposition Labour Party. ”It seems to me a recipe for some kind of trade war with Europe in the future.” Nevertheless, Corbyn said he would not block the triggering of ’Article 50’   the legal process of leaving the EU. An upcoming legal ruling could insist that May gets parliamentary approval for her plan to trigger Article 50 by the end of March.  ”CLEAN AND HARD BREXIT”?     The extracts of May’s speech did not say whether she would reveal her stance on one of the key questions: whether she will try and keep Britain within the European single market or customs union or, if not, what level of access she will aim for. The Sunday Times and other newspapers said the speech would signal that Britain was seeking a ”clean and hard” Brexit, which would involve leaving the single market and the customs union.  The report cited an unnamed source in May’s office who said her words were likely to cause a market correction. A spokesman from May’s office told Reuters the reports were speculation and did not comment further. The problem for Britain is that the EU is likely to insist on freedom of movement for EU citizens in return for full access to the single market, while many of those who voted for Brexit did so precisely in order to be able to restrict immigration. May’s speech will be closely watched by financial markets for information on which of these divergent goals she will prioritize. After she said in a TV interview a week ago that   Britain would not be able to keep ”bits” of its EU membership, the pound fell sharply as the comment was interpreted as signaling a clean break from the single market. In a separate Sunday Times article, Brexit minister David Davis wrote that Britain would consider ways to extend or smooth the exit process to provide certainty for businesses. ”If it proves necessary, we have said we will consider time for implementation of new arrangements,” he wrote.  (Editing by Gareth Jones and Susan Fenton) LONDON Manchester Airport said on Wednesday that its Terminal 3 building was being evacuated due to a potential issue with a bag, which was being investigated. DUBAI Qatar faces further isolation and possible expulsion from the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) if its response to a list of demands made nearly two weeks ago is not satisfactory,   Gulf media said on Wednesday. ",Reuters,2017-01-15,2017-01,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
52,"  LONDON  —   “Brexit means Brexit. ”   So said Theresa May over and over and over this summer as she vaulted herself out of the   political wreckage of Britain’s vote to leave the European Union and into the nation’s top job. But two months after May took the keys to 10 Downing Street as her predecessor sped away without glancing back, Britain is none the wiser as to what “Brexit means Brexit” actually means. Instead of a unified position ahead of what are sure to be lengthy, contentious and    divorce talks with its 27 erstwhile partners in the European Union, the British government has instead treated the public to a   display of mixed signals and evasive maneuvering. Will Britain seek a clean break with the European Union, forswearing membership in the world’s largest common market so that it can also slam the door shut on European immigrants? Will it seek an     formally leaving the bloc but carving out enough   that the departure is felt only gently? Or will it seek a bespoke deal that blazes a new path, while tempting others in Europe to do the same?  In recent weeks, there have been nearly as many answers to those questions as there are ministers in May’s cabinet.  The government’s three leading Brexit advocates  —   the “Brexiteers”  —   have suggested they want a speedy and complete departure from the clutches of the bureaucracy in Brussels, in line with the will of the 52 percent of Brits who voted for an exit in the country’s June 23 referendum.  Boris Johnson, the country’s bombastic foreign secretary, has even gone so far as to record a video supporting an advocacy group that seeks to press May  —   Johnson’s boss  —   to fully liberate Britain from its Brussels shackles. Meanwhile, David Davis, the country’s newly minted minister for Brexit, has said a continued presence in the bloc is “improbable” if Europe insists, as it has, that membership comes with the free movement of workers. But May, who reluctantly backed the “remain” side in the June vote, has found ways to remind her countrymen that leaving will not be easy and that there is a clear downside to departure.   [After Brexit, some Brits want to ditch the metric system, too]  On Sunday, a close May ally and fellow “remain” supporter, Home Secretary Amber Rudd, told the BBC that Brits hoping to vacation on the golden sands of the French coast or in the refined air of the Italian Alps could be forced to apply for a visa and pay a fee once the country is out of the European Union. For years, travel to the continent has been as simple as hopping on a Eurostar train or booking a flight on a budget airline. But new barriers, Rudd said, could be the price Britain pays if it wants a clean break. “I don’t think it’s particularly desirable,” Rudd said, “but we don’t rule it out. ”  May herself has sworn off any direct indications of what Britain wants from Europe, saying that to give “a running commentary” on the country’s negotiating strategy would put it at a disadvantage. Asked at Prime Minister’s Questions on Wednesday how the government would safeguard its   industry  —   which has much to lose from continental rivals if it’s not protected in the talks  —   May delivered what has become her standard   when pressed about any of the details of Brexit. “This government will be working to ensure the right deal for the United Kingdom,” she said, prompting groans and jeers from Parliament’s green benches. It’s unclear how long she will be able to get away with such vague responses to questions that cut to the core of what could ultimately be Britain’s biggest transformation in decades. May is under pressure from her European counterparts to quickly trigger Article 50, the    mechanism for a country to leave the European Union. But May has stalled, saying it will not happen until at least the start of the new year. Once Article 50 has been invoked, Britain will have two years to negotiate the terms of its departure. Many experts regard that as an unrealistically rapid timeline for such a complex untangling and say it is one that could put Britain at a disadvantage because it has more to lose than Europe does if no deal materializes in time.  With her government divided over what to ask for, May is thought to be seeking clues from her fellow European leaders about what Britain can realistically expect to get. The strategy, according to Eurasia Group analyst Mujtaba Rahman, is to “turn the Article 50 process on its head: first get a sense of the final framework, and only then trigger official notification and proceed with exit negotiations. ”  But European leaders have resisted this    approach, with several top continental officials telling Britain that there will be no   before the main event. That, Rahman wrote in a recent briefing note, will make May’s task over the coming months “very difficult to achieve. ” If there is a silver lining for Britain in its    approach to Brexit, it’s that Europe itself has been divided over how to approach the talks. European Commission President   Juncker insisted Wednesday that Britain will not be allowed “a la carte” access to the bloc without accepting the free movement of people across national borders, which is a core E. U. principle.  [How the E. U.’s ruling on Apple explains why Brexit happened]  But others have advocated taking a softer line: using Brexit as an opportunity to address concerns about the European Union that extend far beyond British shores. Limiting mass migration and cutting down on Brussels bureaucracy, for instance, are goals shared by countries outside Britain. “Brexit was not just a British issue,” said Stephen Booth,   of the     think tank Open Europe. “There are a lot of people in Europe who are unhappy with the status quo. ” But Booth said that anyone expecting a quick answer to the question of what Britain will look like outside the bloc is bound to be disappointed.  Two of the simplest solutions  —   either a clean break from the bloc or a   deal that allows Britain to maintain access but end its membership  —   will not work for Britain, he said.  The former, he said, will impose World Trade   tariffs on Britain’s trade with Europe, forcing businesses to reckon with “costs that they’re not sure they can cope with. ” The latter does nothing to address voter concerns over immigration, a key driver of Brexit.  “We’re not looking at the Norway option. It’s going to be something else,” Booth said. “But what that is exactly is very much up for grabs. ” What’s left, Booth said, is a “  ” deal that gives Britain more market access in some areas than in others, along with some sort of limit on immigration. But that will take years of painstaking negotiation, followed by a long period in which Britain seeks to find its way in its new   . U. world. “The U. K. has to reshape its future,” Booth said. “It’s not as though everything will be completed on the day we leave the E. U. ”  Read more   In first meeting after Brexit vote, Merkel and May insist divorce can be amicable   British Parliament votes to renew nuclear weapons program for 3 more decades   Flow of foreign fighters plummets as Islamic State loses its edge     ",Washington Post,2016-09-17,2016-09,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
53," In her first major speech outlining London’s plan for shepherding the UK out of the European Union, British Prime Minister Theresa May laid out a vision for a cleaner break from Europe than many Brexit critics had hoped for.     May said the UK would be leaving the European single market, the system that ensures freedom of movement, goods, services, and capital among all members of the regional bloc. She called for the UK to withdraw partially or entirely from the EU customs union, an agreement in which all members agree to a common tariff, or border tax, on all goods being imported into the group. She said the UK would decrease its contributions to EU coffers. And she confirmed that it would limit the number of EU citizens coming into Britain. ”The message from the public before and during the referendum campaign was clear: Brexit must mean control of the number of people who come to Britain from Europe. And that is what we will deliver,” May said during a speech at Lancaster House in London on Tuesday. May’s language was widely interpreted as indication of a   “hard Brexit,” which basically means that the UK exits the single market and regains full control over its own borders, laws, and trade deals. By contrast, a   “soft Brexit,” which was the preferred choice of people who wanted the UK to remain in the EU, would’ve entailed an attempt to retain single market membership through a special arrangement that would’ve involved embracing its ”four freedoms” of movement of goods, services, people, and capital. It could’ve also involved being subject to some EU laws.      But given that a soft Brexit would effectively mimic much of what it was like to be in the EU in the first place, a hard Brexit is more in line with the political sentiment expressed during the referendum.     The UK’s economy didn’t plummet after the Brexit vote, as many economists had forecast, but the pound took an enormous plunge, and there are plenty of reasons for the country to be concerned in the long run about the effects of trade barriers between the UK and Europe.   It’s important to note that the UK doesn’t have a strong negotiating position here  —   it needs the EU’s market much more than the EU needs it; Europe is the biggest market for British goods that are exported abroad. And the EU has good reason to be tough in negotiating new trade agreements with the UK to make sure that other members don’t try to leave the alliance while still retaining the perks of membership like the elimination of tariffs.    “Should it become apparent that you can get full access to the single market even if you can choose certain things, then we risk that every country cherry picks,” German Chancellor Angela Merkel said in a speech on Monday. May’s speech was the second major blow to the EU in less than two days. On Monday, Donald Trump used a joint interview with two of Europe’s biggest newspapers to predict that the EU would fall apart and make clear that the US wouldn’t really care if it did. “The EU was formed, partially, to beat the United States on trade, OK?” he asked rhetorically during the interview with the Times of London and Germany’s Bild newspaper. “I don’t really care whether it’s separate or together. ”    Within Britain, May’s remarks delighted those who had supported Brexit and angered many of those who had opposed it.  Brexit architect Nigel Farage, the former leader of the UK Independence Party and a close friend of Donald Trump (who had rankled many in London by urging May to make Farage ambassador to the US) couldn’t have been happier:    I can hardly believe that the PM is now using the phrases and words that I’ve been mocked for using for years. Real progress. —   Nigel Farage (@Nigel_Farage) January 17, 2017    Those who do care about the future stability of the EU, by contrast, were dismayed by May’s remarks. Nick Clegg, the former Liberal Democrat leader who advocated for the UK to remain in the alliance, deemed May’s speech “a kick in the teeth for our youth. ” He said the British prime minister was “siding with Trump and against Merkel,” and warned that her language increased the chance of a “disorderly” withdrawal from the bloc. May described her hope to renegotiate the UK’s trade relationship with the EU to allow for the “freest possible trade. ” But ultimately she said the UK would be ready to leave without an exit agreement: ”No deal for Britain is better than a bad deal for Britain,” she said. Official Brexit negotiations are expected to begin in March, and the UK is expected to formally leave the EU in 2019. May confirmed that both houses of Parliament would get to vote on a final Brexit deal.   The fact that some lawmakers who favor a close relationship with the EU would get to sign off on the deal seems to make it more likely that their goal of staying as close to Europe as possible could make its way into any agreement (perhaps in the form of things like minimal deviation from the EU customs union or better access to the single market)  —   although it’s unclear what would happen if Parliament ended up rejecting it altogether. The possibility that   MPs will get to have more of a say in the final outcome made the value of the pound rise sharply during the speech. Britain may not get much. If the UK pulled off withdrawing from the burdens of being in the EU while still reaping the special benefits associated with membership, then it would encourage other nations discontent with the EU to do the same, ending the EU as we know it. That might be fine with Trump, but it’s certainly not okay with Merkel. Britain may wind up as a symbol of a   Europe, but likely not in the way Brexit supporters would have wanted. ",Vox,2017-01-17,2017-01,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
54,"An article from the Independent explains “markets worry when European political leaders make dire warnings about Brexit, not because they believe these warnings, but because they feel this shows the leaders are frightened by change”:[Whatever happens in the Brexit vote next week, there has been a discomforting message from the financial markets. They have been more alarmed than reason says they should be. The particular red light that flashed most violently was the   German bund yield dipping below zero. You pay money to lend to the German government for 10 years. Yet Germany is the eurozone’s largest and most successful economy. It has even lower unemployment that the UK. The government is in fiscal surplus. And it has a huge current account surplus with the rest of the world. There must be better opportunities there for savings to earn some money. Germany may be a safe haven in a sea of troubles, but my word people must think those troubles are bad to lead to this. The possibility of the UK leaving the European Union ought not to be a big enough issue to do real damage to the world economy. I know the Chancellor of the Exchequer and the Governor of the Bank of England have issued grave warnings, and of course those warning should be taken seriously. But the reality is that UK would continue to trade with Europe. There would be some new arrangement ensuring that. We are not in the eurozone so the euro should not be affected. We are not in Schengen so that is not affected either. In any case, even on the worst assumptions, the loss to global GDP would be tiny. The UK is 3 per cent of global output. Let’s assume that we lose 5 per cent of GDP as a result of Brexit (an assumption that I think is far too high, given the continued decent growth notwithstanding Brexit fears). That is 0. 15 per cent of the global total  —   barely worth thinking about. So what is it? The best explanation I can see is that people are frightened that there will be another global recession and that if it happens there will be nothing the authorities can do about it  …       …    Investors do not trust the  . They worry that if there are more signs of a slowdown they will do the wrong thing. They worry that the present   monetary policy is perverse. They worry when European political leaders make dire warnings about Brexit, not because they believe these warnings, but because they feel this shows the leaders are frightened by change. This fear that the   are not behaving like   is corrosive. Whatever happens in the vote next week they will have a chance to show they can respond in a measured and competent way. This isn’t just about Brexit. It is about competence of leadership on the one hand, and confidence in that leadership on the other. Read more of Hamish McRae’s piece on Brexit here.",Breitbart,2016-06-19,2016-06,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
55," Prime Minister Theresa May formally began Britain’s divorce from the European Union on Wednesday, declaring there was no turning back and ushering in a tortuous exit process that will test the bloc’s cohesion and pitch her country into the unknown. In one of the most significant steps by a British leader since World War Two, May notified EU Council President Donald Tusk in a   letter that Britain would quit the club it joined in 1973. ”The United Kingdom is leaving the European Union,” May told parliament nine months after Britain shocked investors and world leaders by unexpectedly voting to quit the bloc. ”This is an historic moment from which there can be no turning back.” The prime minister, an initial opponent of Brexit who won the top job in the political turmoil that followed the referendum vote, now has two years to negotiate the terms of the divorce before it comes into effect in late March 2019. May, 60, has one of the toughest jobs of any recent British prime minister: holding Britain together in the face of renewed Scottish independence demands, while conducting arduous talks with 27 other EU states on finance, trade, security and other complex issues. The outcome of the negotiations will shape the future of Britain’s $2. 6 trillion economy, the world’s fifth biggest, and determine whether London can keep its place as one of the top two global financial centers. For the EU, already reeling from successive crises over debt and refugees, the loss of Britain is the biggest blow yet to 60 years of efforts to forge European unity in the wake of two  world wars. Its leaders say they do not want to punish Britain. But with nationalist,   parties on the rise across Europe, they cannot afford to give London generous terms that might encourage other member states to break away. BREXIT DEAL? May’s notice of the UK’s intention to leave the bloc under Article 50 of the EU’s Lisbon Treaty was   to Tusk in Brussels by Tim Barrow, Britain’s permanent representative to the EU, on the top floor of the new Europa Building in Brussels. That moment formally set the clock ticking on Britain’s   exit process. Sterling, which has lost 25 cents against the dollar since the June 23 referendum, jumped to $1. 25. May signed the   Brexit letter on Tuesday night, pictured alone at the cabinet table beneath a clock, a British flag and an oil painting of Britain’s first prime minister, Robert Walpole. Her letter sought to set a positive tone for the talks though it admitted that the task of extracting the UK from the EU was momentous and that reaching comprehensive agreements within two years would be a challenge. May wants to negotiate Britain’s divorce and the future trading relationship with the EU within the   period, though EU officials say that will be hard. ”We believe it is necessary to agree the terms of our future partnership alongside those of our withdrawal from the EU,” May told Tusk in her letter, adding that London wanted an ambitious free trade agreement with the EU. ”If, however, we leave the European Union without an agreement the default position is that we would have to trade on World Trade Organisation terms,” she said. May’s most powerful European interlocutor, German Chancellor Angela Merkel, promised to take a ”fair and constructive” approach to Brexit talks, but said Britain could negotiate its new relationship only after it untangles existing EU commitments. ”We must deal with many rights and obligations that have been linked to membership. Only then, later, can we talk about our future relationship.” TRADE AND SECURITY May has promised to seek the greatest possible access to European markets but said Britain was not seeking membership of the ”single market” of 500 million people as she understood there could be no ”cherry picking” of a free trade area based on unfettered movement of goods, services, capital and people. Britain will aim to establish its own free trade deals with countries beyond Europe, and impose limits on immigration from the continent, May has said. In an attempt to start Brexit talks on a conciliatory note, May said she wanted a special partnership with the EU, though she laced that ambition with an a clear linkage of the economic and security relationship. EU leaders will welcome assurances of a constructive approach, as well as an explicit recognition that Britain cannot retain the best bits of membership after leaving. They may be less warm to an implication that Britain could live with a breakdown of talks on trade coupled with what might be seen as a threat to disrupt the security and counterterrorism cooperation for which Britain. ”We should work together to minimize disruption and give as much certainty as possible,” May said. ”Weakening our cooperation for the prosperity and protection of our citizens would be a costly mistake.” Tusk said the EU would seek to minimize the cost of Brexit to EU citizens and businesses and that Brussels wanted an orderly withdrawal for Britain.  ”We already miss you,” said Tusk who will send the 27 other states draft negotiating guidelines within 48 hours. ”Thank you and goodbye.” In a draft resolution to be voted on next week, lawmakers in the European Parliament offered a faint glimmer of hope to the 48 percent of British voters who opposed Brexit, saying it was not too late for Britain to reverse the process. U. S. President Donald Trump has been an enthusiastic proponent of Brexit, unlike his predecessor Barack Obama. White House spokesman Sean Spicer struck a neutral tone on Wednesday, saying Washington respected the will of British voters and backed a strong Britain and strong EU. ”Whatever future the   relationship looks like, we want the UK to remain a strong leader in Europe, for both the UK, the EU and Europe to remain strong leaders globally,” Spicer said. ”DAMN NARROW” TIME FRAME The course of the Brexit talks   and even their scope   are uncertain. ”The time frame is damn narrow,” said Martin Schaefer, a spokesman for the German Foreign Ministry. In recent months, German officials have made clear that they do not believe there is time to negotiate a bespoke transitional agreement for Britain that would come into force immediately after Brexit. A huge number of questions remain, including whether exporters will keep   access to the single market and whether   banks will still be able to serve continental clients, not to mention immigration and the future rights of EU citizens in the UK and Britons living in Europe. Adding more uncertainty, France and Germany both face elections this year. ”It’s bad news for everybody. It’s a wedge pushed into the European project,” said French centrist presidential candidate Emmanuel Macron, who has made clear he would ensure Britain gains no undue advantages outside the Union. At home, a divided Britain faces strains that could lead to its  . In the Brexit referendum, England and Wales voted to leave the EU but Scotland and Northern Ireland voted to stay. Scottish nationalists have demanded an independence referendum that May has refused. In Northern Ireland, rival parties are embroiled in a major political crisis and Sinn Fein nationalists are demanding a vote on leaving the UK and uniting with the Republic of Ireland. May said she knew that triggering Brexit would be a day of celebration for some and disappointment for others. ”Now that the decision to leave has been made and the process is under way, it is time to come together,” she said.  Click   for graphic on Tracking the Brexit effect Click   for graphic on Countdown to Brexit Click   for graphic on banking economy Click   for graphic on Banks’ Brexit dilemma  (Additional reporting by Alastair Macdonald, Jan Strupczewski and Yves Herman in Brussels, Michel Rose in Paris, Noah Barkin in Berlin and Kylie MacLellan, William James, Estelle Shirbon, Kate Holton, Paul Sandle and Anjuli Davies in London; Writing by Guy Faulconbridge; Editing by Mark Trevelyan, Peter Millership, Giles Elgood and Peter Graff) SEOUL North Korea said on Wednesday its newly developed intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) can carry a large nuclear warhead, triggering a call by Washington for global action to hold it accountable for pursuing nuclear weapons. WASHINGTON U. S. President Donald Trump will get a chance to patch up   ties this week when he meets with NATO allies still rattled by his failure on an earlier trip to embrace the principle that an attack against one member is an attack against all. ",Reuters,2017-03-30,2017-03,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
56,"The U. K. High Court’s ruling Thursday that the government does not have the authority to invoke Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty —  the formal mechanism that would begin negotiations for the country’s departure from the European Union —  is a blow to Prime Minister Theresa May. The ruling, which the government says it will appeal to the Supreme Court, contends that doing so without seeking parliamentary approval, which May had argued was within her power, would effectively erode parliament’s sovereignty, which is enshrined in U. K. law. In other words: U. K. lawmakers must vote on whether to invoke Article 50. This puts the government in an awkward position. Her predecessor as prime minister, David Cameron, had staked his political future letting voters decide on the U. K.’s continued membership in the EU. And despite dire warnings about the economic and social costs of Brexit, polls remained close and tightened during the final days. Still, Cameron and others —  even those championing Brexit —  suspected the “Remain” side would eventually triumph in the June 23 referendum. But it wasn’t even close: 52 percent voted to leave versus 48 percent who wanted to stay. Cameron resigned as prime minister and, subsequently, as a member of Parliament. After much political jockeying, and backstabbing, among the more   proponents of Brexit within Cameron’s Cabinet, May, who had tepidly supported “Remain,” emerged as the candidate to replace him. As prime minister, she said she would respect the wishes of the voters, stacked her Cabinet with prominent “Leave” campaigners, and said that she would invoke Article 50 in March 2017, thereby setting in motion an expected   process to negotiate the U. K.’s future relationship with the EU. But a legal challenge, which was partially crowdfunded, on whether the government had the authority to do so complicated that plan. The government’s position was that Parliament had, in fact, assented to the government’s authority on Article 50 when it approved the European Communities Act in 1972. That’s the law Parliament passed to allow the U. K. to join what would eventually become the EU. Not so fast, the High Court said Thursday: “[W]e decide that the government does not have power under the Crown’s prerogative to give notice pursuant to Article 50 to withdraw from the European Union. ” Furthermore: “Parliament is sovereign and can make and unmake any law it chooses. ” The legal action against the government’s position was brought by Gina Miller, an   manager. Miller has said that the question in the referendum on whether to “Leave” or “Remain” in the EU was “far too binary. ” She was, she told Business Insider, for “remain, reform, and review. ” She argued that if Article 50 were invoked without the proper steps, it would weaken the U. K.’s negotiating position during Brexit talks with other EU nations. But perhaps more pertinent was her argument that the government’s invocation of Article 50, without Parliament’s   would set a dangerous precedent. “We must remember that the U. K. doesn’t have a written constitution —  it is made up of precedent,” she told Business Insider. “If we set the precedent that a government can use their royal prerogative to take away people’s human rights, that is taking us into a very dangerous political environment. ” What does all this mean for Brexit? If the U. K. government wins its appeal at the Supreme Court, it will mean the government does have the authority to invoke Article 50, presumably next March. But even if it doesn’t, and lawmakers indeed do get a say in the matter, it’s highly unlikely they will undo the decision of a majority of voters —  no matter what the U. K.’s elites think of Brexit. Still, the court’s decision is likely to heighten the political and economic uncertainty triggered by the Brexit vote. Although some of the most dire warnings about the impact of a vote for Brexit have yet to materialize, the costs have already been high for the U. K. economy and its currency, mostly because it’s unclear what shape the U. K.’s future relationship with the EU will take. While some Brexit proponents had argued that the U. K. would continue to have free trade with the bloc after it leaves, EU officials have dismissed that idea unless the U. K. allows the free movement of EU citizens —  a highly unlikely proposition given that many Brexiters listed immigration from the EU as their primary reason for voting “Leave. ” Nor is the EU’s ability to forge the sort of agreement that will satisfy all sides assured. As it showed during recent trade negotiations with Canada —  which nearly failed due to the objections of a single region in Belgium —  the EU is not a monolithic entity. Free trade, while popular in the 1990s when the bloc was born, is now facing a backlash globally, and imposing political costs on many of its most ardent supporters. So while the High Court’s ruling was a major twist in the Brexit saga, in one respect the court has left the situation much the same as it was before: The U. K.’s future remains very unclear.",Atlantic,2016-11-03,2016-11,0,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,0
57,"That was the night the British people voted to leave the EU, in what has now become well known here in America as “Brexit. ” That evening started, too, with the pundits and the pollsters and all the establishment figures in politics, the media and business predicting a solid victory for the status quo. But pretty soon, smug establishment complacency turned to shock and then pure bewilderment as the truth sank in: the people had risen up, rejected the ruling class, and voted for radical change. Donald Trump’s victory  is a much bigger deal, and a much more remarkable political achievement than Brexit. But there are two big similarities (as well as one big difference) and it’s worth noting them as we try to make sense of the extraordinary conclusion to the 2016 presidential race. The first similarity is in the underlying economic and social realities that explain the vote for Brexit and the vote for Trump. As I’ve argued previously, a shockingly high number of Americans are really struggling financially, and have been for years, even decades. Their incomes are down, they see jobs disappearing, and opportunities for their kids vanishing. See the Fox News 2016 battleground prediction map and make your own election projections. See Predictions Map → Worse, they have seen this happen, unabated, regardless of whether Democrats or Republicans have been in power. No wonder they’re angry and want change. No wonder they responded to a political outsider who wasn’t tainted with the failures of the last twenty years. And no wonder that they were even prepared to overlook Donald Trump’s personal flaws and checkered history in order to give a massive middle finger to the political, media and business establishment that made itself richer while they, working Americans, got poorer. To dismiss all that as racism, sexism and all the other   that the politically correct establishment threw at Trump and his supporters (just as the establishment hurled similar insults at Brexit supporters here) is just a cynical attempt to evade responsibility for the failure of the ruling elite’s policies. For many years, we’ve been living in a world run by bankers, bureaucrats and accountants who have pushed a technocratic agenda of globalization, centralization and unlimited immigration that has improved life for poor countries, and for rich people in rich countries, but which has undermined the economic security and social stability of working people in the west. The effect has probably been starker in America than anywhere else. But it was almost totally missed by the establishment. They failed to see that policies which they viewed as being ‘cosmopolitan’ and ‘progressive’ were actually causing real hardship in parts of the country they rarely, if ever, visited. Instead of understanding, empathizing and trying to do something about it, politicians and, vitally, most of the American media simply dismissed any opposition as prejudice. That’s why so many Trump supporters ended up quietly resolving to vote for the insurgent candidate they saw as their champion, but refusing to tell friends, colleagues    or pollsters!    that they were in his camp. Who needs the abuse? And that’s the second similarity with Brexit, right there. In the UK in June, there was a hidden Brexit vote comprised of people who had gone underground, politically speaking, as a result of the moral shaming handed out by contemptuous elites. Ditto for Trump. The biggest difference with Brexit is the biggest opportunity for America. Unlike Brexit, the election this week was a contest of different political philosophies and, vitally, competing agendas. There was a clear winner    not just for the presidency but in Congress, too. That means that we now have the possibility of united government ready to implement a clear reform plan. Since Brexit was not decided in a conventional election with alternative plans on offer, there was no clarity about the specific details of what leaving the EU should actually look like. By contrast, a new and dynamic conservative agenda seems to be taking shape right before our eyes, with Donald Trump and Paul Ryan already setting out their intention to work together to deliver a   economic reform plan, surely the most urgent priority today. So while we can certainly identify the ways in which Trump’s victory reminds us of Brexit, it’s the difference that should give Americans the greatest grounds for optimism today. Steve Hilton is   and CEO of Crowdpac, a Silicon Valley political tech   and teaches at Stanford University. He was formerly senior adviser to Prime Minister David Cameron. He is the author of ”More Human: Designing a World Where People Come First” (PublicAffairs, April 26, 2016). Hilton is a graduate of New College, Oxford University, where he studied philosophy, politics, and economics. He now lives in California with his wife and young family. Follow him on Twitter @SteveHiltonx.",Fox News,2016-11-09,2016-11,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
58," Hillary Clinton’s presidential campaign accused Donald Trump on Sunday of caring more about how Britain’s historic vote to leave the European Union would benefit his financial bottom line than how it would impact the U. S. economy. Clinton campaign manager Robby Mook acknowledged parallels between the populist anger and   fervor that fueled the Brexit vote and Trump’s rise to the nomination, but said the Republican candidate’s reaction showed he was not fit to occupy the White House. ”Hillary Clinton looks at this through the lens of how it’s going to affect   families, Donald Trump through the lens of how it will help his bottom line,” Mook said on ”Fox News Sunday.”  Without mentioning Trump by name, Clinton also warned that ”bombastic comments in turbulent times can actually cause more turbulence” in a speech to a conference of city mayors in Indianapolis on Sunday afternoon. Her campaign released a national television advertisement earlier in the day, which featured the wealthy real estate developer’s comments on Friday that the fall of the British currency after the Brexit vote could mean more business for his golf course in Turnberry, Scotland, where he was speaking.  ”Every president is tested by world events, but Donald Trump thinks about how his golf resort can profit from them,” said the    video. Besides his currency comments, Trump had praised the Brexit result as an example of people ”taking their country back.” He responded to the advertisement on Sunday by saying Clinton, whose staff had said she supported the United Kingdom remaining in the union, had poor judgment. ”Clinton is trying to wash away her bad judgment call on BREXIT with big dollar ads,” ran a message on his Twitter account. ”Disgraceful!” Paul Manafort, campaign manager for Trump, rejected what he called a ”phony” charge by Clinton and said Trump was more in sync with the global economic frustration exemplified by the Brexit vote. In contrast, the Clinton ad showed her campaign’s ”tone deafness” by focusing on things the American people did not care about, he said in an NBC interview. In her speech on Sunday, Clinton said the United States and the United Kingdom were different ”economically, politically, demographically,” but still drew some parallels between the mood of American and British voters. ”Just as we have seen, there are many frustrated people in Britain, we know there are frustrated people here at home, too,” she said. ”I have seen it, I’ve heard it, I know it.” BREXIT PARALLELS IN U. S. Global stock markets nosedived on Friday and economic experts warned of a potential global recession after the shocking British vote to pull out of the European Union. Markets prepared for the possibility of more pain on Monday. Republican Senator Bob Corker, chairman of the U. S. Senate Foreign Relations Committee, said the Brexit vote highlighted global anxieties about economic stagnation and immigration. ”The genius of what’s happened with the candidacy of Donald Trump is he’s given voice to that, just as was given in the UK,” Corker, who has been mentioned as a possible vice presidential pick for Trump, said on CNN’s ”State of the Union” program. He said he thought Trump’s appearance at his golf course in Scotland after the Brexit vote ”was one of his best events” and  his comments about the British currency and what it would mean for his businesses were just ”an anecdotal statement” about its effects. ”He was giving an example, which is obvious, that when the currency fluctuates, as it does, more Americans are going to be able to travel to the UK more cheaply,” he said. Senate Majority Leader Mitch McConnell, a Kentucky Republican, said the Brexit vote showed people were tired of being dictated to by ”unelected bureaucrats in Brussels,” and said there were parallels in the United States. Democratic presidential candidate Bernie Sanders, who built his White House campaign against Clinton around populist proposals to eradicate income inequality, remove big money from politics and rein in Wall Street, said the Brexit vote encapsulated many of those concerns. ”What ordinary people are saying is ’hey, give us an economy that works for all of us, not just the people on top,’” Sanders said on CNN.  (Additional reporting by Caren Bohan and Julia Harte in Washington and Jonathan Allen in New York; Editing by Mary Milliken and Sandra Maler) MEXICO CITY A meeting between Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto and U. S. President Donald Trump on Friday at the G20 summit in Germany will last about 30 minutes and probably not lead to any major agreements, Mexico’s foreign minister said on Wednesday. NEW YORK The U. S. government on Wednesday proposed reducing the volumes of biofuel required to be used in gasoline and diesel in 2018, in a move that could mark the first step toward a broader overhaul to the controversial energy policy. ",Reuters,2016-06-26,2016-06,0,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,0
59,"  LONDON    years ago, what has become the European Union was an embryo conceived in fear. It has been stealthily advanced from an economic to a political project, and it remains enveloped in a watery utopianism even as it becomes more dystopian. The E. U.’s economic stagnation  —   in some of the 28 member nations, youth unemployment approaches 50 percent  —   is exacerbated by its regulatory itch and the   wound of the euro, a common currency for radically dissimilar nations. The E. U. is floundering amid mass migration, the greatest threat to Europe’s domestic tranquility since 1945.  The E. U.’s British enthusiasts, who in fact are notably unenthusiastic, hope fear will move voters to affirm Britain’s membership in this increasingly ramshackle and acrimonious association. A June 23 referendum will decide whether “Brexit”  —   Britain’s exit  —   occurs. Americans should pay close attention because this debate concerns matters germane to their present and future. The E. U. is the linear descendant of   begun by people for whom European history seemed to be less Chartres and Shakespeare than the Somme and the Holocaust. After two world wars, or a   war ( ) European statesmen were terrified of Europeans. Under the leadership of two Frenchmen, Robert Schuman and Jean Monnet, they created, in 1951, the European Coal and Steel Community to put essential elements of industrial war under multinational control.  This begat, in 1957, the European Economic Community, a. k. a. the Common Market. Money, said Ralph Waldo Emerson, is the prose of life. The E. U. is the culmination of a grand attempt to drain Europe of grandeur, to make it permanently peaceful by making it prosaic  —   preoccupied and tranquilized by commerce. European unity has always been a surreptitious political project couched in economic categories.    British inflation slipped in April for the first time since September last year, and Brexit uncertainties could be partly to blame. (Reuters)   Britain’s Remain side is timid and materialistic, saying little that is inspiring about remaining but much that is supposedly scary about leaving. The Leave campaign is salted with the    spirit now fermenting in nations on both sides of the Atlantic. The Remain camp relies heavily on dire predictions of economic wreckage that would follow Brexit  —   forecasts from the British Treasury, the International Monetary Fund, the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development, etc. Although none of these, in spring 2008, foresaw the crisis of autumn 2008, they now predict, with remarkable precision, economic damage to Britain’s economy, the world’s   if it is detached from the stagnation of the E. U. For example, the British Treasury projects that Brexit would cost Britain 6. 2 percent of gross domestic product by 2030. This confirms the axiom that economists prove their sense of humor by using decimal points. Passion is disproportionately on the Leave side, which is why a low turnout will favor Brexit: Leavers are most likely to vote. Current polls show Remain slightly ahead, but Leave has a majority among people over age 43, who also are most likely to vote.  The most conspicuous campaigner for Brexit is Boris Johnson, the   Conservative former mayor of London. He is an acquired taste, and some thoughtful people oppose Brexit because if it happens, Prime Minister David Cameron, who leads the Remain campaign, might be replaced by Johnson.  Johnson is frequently compared to Donald Trump. Johnson, however, is educated (Eton; an Oxford classics degree) intelligent, erudite (see his book on Roman Europe) articulate and witty. (Johnson says the E. U.’s latest compromise with Britain is “the biggest   since the Bayeux Tapestry. ” The British locution “ ” denotes something prearranged clandestinely.) So, Johnson’s only real resemblance to Trump, other than an odd mop of blond hair, is a penchant for flamboyant pronouncements, as when he said that Barack Obama opposes Brexit because Obama’s Kenyan background somehow disposes him against Britain. Actually, Obama likes the European Union’s approximation of American progressives’ aspirations. These include unaccountable administrators issuing diktats, and what one E. U. critic calls “  postmodernism”  —   the erasure of national traditions and other impediments to “harmonizing” homogenized nations for the convenience of administrators.  Obama said that if Brexit occurred, Britain would go to “the back of the queue” regarding a U. S. trade agreement. Surely, however, reaching an agreement with one nation is easier than with 28. Perhaps Obama has forgotten U. S. diplomat George Kennan’s axiom: The unlikelihood of a negotiation reaching agreement grows by the square of the number of parties taking part. Brexit might spread a benign infection, prompting similar reassertions of national sovereignty by other E. U. members. Hence June 23 is the most important European vote since 1945.   Read more from George F. Will’s archive or follow him on Facebook.    Read more about this topic:   Robert J. Samuelson: Britain flirts with economic insanity   Anne Applebaum: The U. K. leaving the European Union could mean the end of both of them   Chris Grayling: Obama is wrong to tell Britain to stay in the E. U.   The Post’s View: Britain should stay in the European Union   Letter to the Editor: We Brits want out from under the yoke of the E. U.  ",Washington Post,2016-05-25,2016-05,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
60," In the months leading up to Britain’s referendum on whether to leave the European Union, many economists warned over and over again that a ”Brexit” could have awful ripple effects: Britain could lose its favorable access to European markets if it left; uncertainty could dry up business investment; the country could tumble into recession.    On June 23, British voters decided to vote ”Leave” anyway. And now they’re left to grapple with the consequences  —   including any economic turmoil that may follow. So how bad would severing ties with the EU be? On the day after the vote, markets plunged sharply around the world, suggesting serious economic risks were on the horizon. But economists have differing views on just what Brexit would mean  —   and exactly how dire it could get. Here’s a running roundup from around the web. John Van Reenen: ”There will be an immediate slowdown of growth” At the moment, there’s still a ton of confusion as Britain’s government decides whether and how to actually exit the European Union. And that uncertainty alone could lead to economic turmoil.    Here’s John Van Reenen, director of the Centre for Economic Performance at the London School of Economics: ”You get a     phenomenon where businesses don’t want to make new decisions, or new investments, because they are uncertain about the future. The immediate effect will be a lowering of investment activity, a lowering of hiring. There will an immediate slowdown of growth.”    Prior to the referendum, the center put out a research brief explaining why the British economy would suffer if it actually did leave the EU. Among other things, 48 percent of all UK exports go to the rest of Europe, and the country has long benefited from the lower tariffs and favorable market access that comes with EU membership. If Britain left, those trade flows could shrivel considerably  —   though there would be a   window in which the country will maintain unfettered market access as it negotiated an exit. The report notes that UK incomes could fall between 1. 1 percent and 3. 1 percent as a result. In the longer term, the slowdown in productivity growth and new restrictions on immigration could hurt Britain’s growth prospects even further, though that’s harder to quantify.    Paul Krugman: ”Yes, Brexit will make Britain poorer. But. ..” Paul Krugman of the New York Times argues that leaving the EU would hurt Britain’s economy. ..  Yes, Brexit will make Britain poorer. It’s hard to put a number on the trade effects of leaving the EU, but it will be substantial. True, normal WTO tariffs (the tariffs members of the World Trade Organization, like Britain, the US, and the EU levy on each others’ exports) are low and other traditional restraints on trade relatively mild. But everything we’ve seen in both Europe and North America suggests that the assurance of market access has a big effect in encouraging   investments aimed at selling across borders; revoking that assurance will, over time, erode trade even if there isn’t any kind of trade war. And Britain will become less productive as a result.  But he’s also skeptical that Brexit would lead to a broader financial crisis the way, say, the implosion of Lehman Brothers in 2008 did:     But right now all the talk is about financial repercussions  —   plunging markets, recession in Britain and maybe around the world, and so on. I still don’t see it. It’s true that the pound has fallen by a lot compared with normal daily fluctuations. But for those of us who cut our teeth on   crises, the fall isn’t that big  —   in fact, it’s not that big compared with British historical episodes. The pound fell by a third during the 70s crisis; it fell by a quarter during Britain’s exit from the Exchange Rate Mechanism in 1992; it’s down about 8 percent as I write this. . ... Furthermore, Britain is a nation that borrows in its own currency, not subject to a classic   crisis due to currency devaluation  —   that is, it’s not like Argentina, where the fall in the peso wreaked havoc with firms and consumers who had borrowed in dollars. If you were worried that fears about Brexit would cause capital flight and drive up interest rates, well, no sign of that  —   if anything the opposite.  ING Bank: ”Quantifying the impact from a possible Brexit is anything but easy.” Before the vote, analysts at the Dutch bank ING tried to run numbers on the consequences of Britain leaving. One thing that makes this so maddeningly difficult is that there’s no real historical precedent:  Quantifying the impact from a possible Brexit is anything but easy. As so often in these unprecedented big bang events, headline estimates of a quantified economic impact on the Eurozone and individual countries should be taken with a pinch of salt. . .. Nevertheless, such estimates give at least some idea of the possible magnitude. To give an example, a study by the German Bertelsmann Foundation, relying on Ifo estimates, shows that a Brexit could lower Eurozone GDP growth by between 0. 01 and 0. 03 percentage points each year.  ING also dug into some of the details, noting that European financial firms with offices in London could leave and relocate to the continent. (The financial sector is about 8 percent of Britain’s GDP, so that could make a considerable dent.)  It is undisputable that Britain plays an important role in the EU. Whether it is the share in total population, total GDP or FDI, Britain ranks in the top three countries and a Brexit would be a big loss. Obviously, the trade channel is the most direct channel through which a Brexit would hit the rest of the European Union. Looking at bilateral trade, Ireland and the Netherlands, followed by Belgium seem to be the most exposed Eurozone countries to a Brexit . .. While not every sector is as vulnerable to a British demand shock, manufacturing in general and air transport would definitely take a hit. Moreover, a Brexit could actually reroute investments to continental Europe, either through repatriations or new investments from   countries which took the UK as an entrance point to the European Single Market. Last summer, it was reported that Deutsche Bank had set up a working group, investigating whether London business should be returned to Frankfurt in case of a Brexit. Other international banks also mentioned contemplating moving a part of their business from London to the continent (with Luxemburg often cited) in the case of Brexit. These considerations are unlikely to remain limited to the financial sector, especially if   free trade negotiations would announce themselves rather difficult.  Larry Summers: ”The effects on the rest of the world will depend heavily on psychology” Larry Summers, former director of the US National Economic Council, argues that it may take awhile to understand the full economic impacts; the biggest question is what happens if other countries in the European Union also decide to leave:     For Britain, the economic effects are two sided.  On the one hand, a major jolt has been delivered to confidence, to future unity and down the road to trade.  On the other, the currency has become more competitive, and liquidity will be in very ample supply.  I would expect that a significant deterioration in growth and a recession beginning in the next 12 months has to be a substantial risk though short of an odds on bet. As suggested by the fact that stock markets in Italy and Spain are down almost twice as much as in the UK, the prospects for Europe may in some ways be worse than for the UK.  There is the real risk of ”populist exit contagion” in a number of countries.  A credit crunch is a serious risk.  Unlike in Britain, the trade weighted exchange rate is unlikely to decline very much.  The central bank has less room for incremental policy measures. . .. The effects on the rest of the world will depend heavily on psychology. Brexit will rightly be taken as a signal that the political support for global integration is at best waning and at worst collapsing.  Dramatic exchange rate fluctuations tend to portend upswings in protectionist pressure.  And problems in European banks could as in 2009 lead to a drying up of trade finance.  Already global trade has lagged global growth in recent years.  A clear sense of commitment to avoid backsliding towards protection from the G20 will be essential going forward.  Specific efforts with respect to trade finance may be appropriate.  Scott Sumner: ”The ultimate effect depends ENTIRELY on how the central banks react” Scott Sumner, the director of the Program on Monetary Policy at the Mercatus Center at George Mason University, points to monetary policy as the key question:  At this point (midnight) the global economy has been hit by a negative monetary shock, one of the biggest in years. . ... I’d emphasize that this is an almost purely a monetary shock —  in real terms it makes little difference whether the UK is in or out of the EU (especially in places like the US and Japan).  It’s monetary.  That means the ultimate effect depends ENTIRELY on how the central banks react.  Do they show imagination and leadership, or . . . do they keep acting the way they’ve been acting since 2007.  We won’t have to wait long for an answer.  (Obviously the markets believe that the central banks will not rise to the occasion.) The odds of a global recession in 2017 just increased, by at least a few percentage points (albeit still less than  ).  I think this also makes it slightly more likely that Trump will win, although he’s clearly still the underdog.  Capital Economics: ”Brexit is not a disaster for the world economy” It’s worth adding that some analysts are more sanguine. On Friday, the British research consultancy Capital Economics circulated a note with this headline: ”’Brexit’ is not a disaster for the world economy.” Before the vote, Capital Economics produced a paper that was somewhat less dire than other economic analyses out there. Their broad takeaway is that there would be a lot of turmoil for Britain in an exit, but the country would ultimately adjust. Some highlights:  It is highly probable that a favourable trade agreement would be reached after Brexit as there are advantages for both sides in continuing a close commercial arrangement. But the   scenario, in which Britain faces tariffs under ‘  nation’ rules, is certainly no disaster. Exporters would face some additional costs, such as complying with the European Union’s rules of origin, if they were outside the single market. However, these factors would be an inconvenience rather than a major barrier to trade. . .. Financial services have more to lose immediately after a European Union exit than most other sectors of the economy. Even in the best case, in which passporting rights were preserved, the United Kingdom would still lose influence over the single market’s rules. The City would probably be hurt in the short term, but it would not spell disaster. The City’s competitive advantage is founded on more than just unfettered access to the single market. A European Union exit would enable the United Kingdom to broker trade deals with emerging markets that could pay dividends for the financial services sector in the long run. Concerns about a drying up of foreign direct investment if Britain votes to leave the European Union are somewhat overblown. Access to the single market is not the only reason that firms invest in Britain. Other advantages to investing here should ensure that foreign firms continue to want a foothold in the country. It is likely Britain would remain a haven for foreign direct investment flows even if it was outside of the European Union. Of course, we could see a period of weak foreign direct investment inflows as the United Kingdom’s new relationship is renegotiated. However, if Britain is able to obtain favourable terms, then foreign direct investment would probably recoup this lost ground.  There are a whole lot of ”if”s in that paper, but that’s one of the more optimistic assessments around. Further reading:   Here’s what happens now that Britain has decided to leave the EU   ”Bracksies”: How Brexit could wind up not actually happening  Here are the 7 biggest arguments that British people gave for leaving the EU  The case that Brexit is  —   and isn’t  —   the end of the European project   ",Vox,2016-06-24,2016-06,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
61,"All the signs of a Brexit victory were there in the weeks leading up to Thursday’s vote in Britain. The polls kept shifting but suggested a tight race, often with a    lead for Leave. Reports from constituencies told of crowded debates in town and village halls. Major televised debates were gripping affairs. But there was a strong tendency to disbelieve that it could happen. Bookies were offering good odds on a Remain victory several hours after actual   showed Leave ahead. And when it finally happened, there was a shock throughout not only politics, not only the U. K. not only Europe, but the whole world. Our favorite New York Times headline was: “Alarmed Britons Ask Pollsters: Why Didn’t You Warn Us?” About what? About how we were going to vote, of course. My goodness yes, if only we had known we might vote for Brexit, we could have sought an intervention. Nanny State, don’t ever let us down like that again. There must be some reason why Brexit has shocked so many people. It’s becoming clear that Brexit is one of those events, like the decision of the Hungarian Communists to let East Germans escape to the West via their country in 1989, that tell us our world is changing in important ways. Hungary’s cutting of the wires on the border was only a modest liberal gesture in itself, but it signified the end of Communism and the fall of the Berlin Wall only months later. What does the shock of Brexit signify? Not, it seems, shock at the market collapse of the pound and securities, which such distinguished experts as Bank of England governor Mark Carney had predicted would be just one of the harsh punishments invited by the sin of Brexit. Transitional instability in the currency and stock markets was predicted by all economic commentators, including those advocating Brexit. It’s par for the course. And when it came, the media reported it in apocalyptic terms. Doom was nigh. But the markets, while taking a hit, gradually stabilized as the changes were factored into prices. A BBC financial correspondent was scandalized when an experienced Wall Streeter forecast this chain of events. How did he know? There’ll be wobbles for some time yet, but if the Brexit financial shock is worse than, say, the 1987   crash  —   and so far it’s nowhere near as severe as that  —   then the reason would probably be that experts such as Carney and institutions such as the IMF both warned that Brexit meant instant perdition while also assuring markets that it really wasn’t very likely to happen. If they had been trying to spook the markets, they couldn’t have done better than that. But the roof has not fallen in. It looks as if their analyses were either mistaken or else driven not by economic analysis but by political considerations. And if their predictions for the   economic Brexit shock are equally accurate, then ordinary British voters (including those who, shockingly, lack a degree) were quite entitled to reject their advice on how to vote. Indeed, they would have been foolish not to do so. Similarly, the straightforward political shocks for Britain and Europe have also been handled calmly and expeditiously. Tory leader David Cameron resigned with dignity in order to make room for a Euroskeptic prime minister who can negotiate Britain’s leaving the European Union with greater plausibility. Boris Johnson leads a large field of papabile candidates, and it looks as if Johnson and Michael Gove, his chief ally, will between them arrange the former’s coronation at October’s Tory conference, followed by the choice of a new   cabinet that would represent a shift within Toryism not so much towards the right as towards a more buoyant, cheerful, and patriotic conservatism that might gradually absorb the UK Independence party. Then the possibility of a second referendum on Scottish independence was cautiously hazarded by Scotland’s first minister, Nicola Sturgeon, as only “likely. ” Maybe that was because her devolved government lacks a majority in the Scottish Assembly the collapse of the oil price has demolished the economic basis of Scottish independence the Spanish government would oppose Scotland’s entry into the EU in order to avoid a precedent for admitting Catalonia and the Scottish devolved government lacks legal authority to hold an independent vote on independence. Finally, the European Commission, doubtless anxious to halt the contagion of Euroskepticism before it spreads further, has already invited the Brits to submit their application and plans for withdrawal. Most of the   threats from Brussels have been dropped, and there looks to be a possibility of amicable cooperation between the divorcing partners. If most of the expected shocks haven’t materialized, what about the shock that has? As several commentators, from Megan McArdle in The Atlantic to Rupert Darwall in National Review, have noticed, many liberal journalists, representing elites throughout the advanced world, have reacted with indignation to the fact that 52 percent of U. K. voters (many without degrees) have rejected the EU system of supranational government of which the elites approve. Naturally, these journalistic spokesmen argue, the common people could not possibly have good reasons for such an act of multinational vandalism. So they must be inspired by, er, racism, xenophobia, fear of globalization, and related other  . That account doubtless condenses and oversimplifies the elites’ response to the Brexit shock, which is just one small skirmish in a new class war in advanced societies between geographically mobile, liberal, skilled,   professionals and more rooted, communitarian, particularist, and patriotic citizens (or what British journalist David Goodhart calls “nowhere” people and “somewhere” people). “Nowhere” people simply didn’t grasp the outlook of “somewhere people” in the referendum, not seeing that many decent people who voted for Brexit had such respectable anxieties as loss of community or, one step up, the transformation of their country as motives for casting their votes. So the elites thought the worst. They were still making the same mistake in their television and columnar explanations of the result on Friday morning. But what was remarkable was the   thesis that in other countries the elites reacted to the Brexit shock as if personally or spiritually affronted in their own lives. Alarmed, they asked: Why weren’t we told that they might vote for Brexit? It’s a hard question to answer. One aspect of it, however, is ideologically fascinating. Among the central arguments of those favoring Brexit was that the Brussels system was dangerously undemocratic and that British voters and MPs had lost the power to propose, amend, or repeal failed or oppressive laws. This was a passionate concern among English people who had grown up in a   democracy, who may have fought for it in wars, and who simply couldn’t understand why the loss of their democratic rights didn’t worry their opponents. Yet again and again liberal journalists treated this passionate belief as either abstract or a cover for more primitive emotions and bigotries. Democracy as such was rarely given weight in Remain or liberal debates on the   analysis of Brexit. They treat multinational political institutions as such unalloyed goods that it would be impolite to raise questions about such defects as a democratic deficit. Has the knowledge       . etc. developed not only an intellectual snobbery towards the rest of society, but even an impatient, dismissive contempt for democracy that cannot be openly avowed but that does influence its other political attitudes? This is not an entirely theoretical problem. In the next day’s   of the results, some Remain supporters expressed such boiling anger at their defeat that they came up to the very brink of demanding a second referendum or some dilution of the decision to leave the EU. One can imagine their seeking to do either or both of these things when interest and enthusiasm have evaporated. That’s why the observations of the distinguished   political theorist Richard Rose on the significance of this referendum are so key: The referendum result was doubly decisive. . . . Given a chance to cast a ballot in which every vote counted equally, the turnout was 72. 2 percent, higher than at any general election since 1992. The total vote cast for exit, almost 52 percent, is higher than that won by any British governing party since 1931. It is almost half again as much as David Cameron’s party gained in winning a majority of seats in the House of Commons at last year’s general election or that Tony Blair took in leading Labour to victory at the 2005 general election . . . a margin of more than 1. 2 million votes in favour of exit is more than enough to satisfy the classic British stand that a margin of one vote is enough for victory. In other words, this is a verdict that parliamentarians or ideologues will not be able to challenge at some later date. It has ironclad political legitimacy. As our own recent troubles with the First, Second, and Fifth Amendments currently show, however, the best rules are useless without men and women courageous enough to defend them. ",National Review,2016-06-25,2016-06,1,0,0,0,1,0,1,0,0
62,"Nigel Farage has been shortlisted for TIME magazine’s ‘Person of the Year’ award. [The former UK Independence Party leader is one of eleven contenders for the accolade, along with   Donald Trump and his electoral opponent Hillary Clinton, in a shortlist drawn up by the magazine’s editors.  The award is handed to the person deemed to have most influenced the news during the year, for better or for worse. Farage has been nominated for his role in bringing about Brexit. “As head of the U. K. Independence Party, Farage was a face of the successful campaign for Britain to leave the European Union, positioning the referendum as the start of a global populist wave against the political establishment,” TIME noted in its publicity. Also featured on the list are Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdoğan, Olympic gymnast Simone Biles, and the CRISPR Scientists who have developed a   technique to edit DNA which TIME said “has the potential to transform science and the human experience, as it could be used to find and remove mutations responsible for incurable diseases”. The results will be announced on Wednesday. Mr. Farage has said that 2016 will be remembered as the year the “little people decided they would assert themselves and could actually beat the establishment” the Evening Standard has reported. Visiting Sleaford for Thursday’s   in which the Conservatives are defending a majority of 24, 000, Mr. Farage declined to predict whether the UKIP candidate Victoria Ayling was in with a chance of winning. “I don’t know, it’s 2016, why predict anything?” he asked. “Only an idiot predicts things in 2016 because it’s been so full of upsets. “It’s a big opportunity for voters to say to the Prime Minister: We voted for Brexit, we didn’t vote for hard Brexit, we didn’t vote for soft Brexit, we voted for Brexit  …     and would you please get on with it. ”",Breitbart,2016-12-06,2016-12,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
63,"Sunday on NBC’s “Meet The Press,” presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump’s campaign chairman Paul Manafort said the Democratic presumptive nominee Hillary Clinton is the “epitome of the establishment” that was rejected by the voters of the Untied Kingdom in the Brexit vote.  Partial transcript as follows: TODD: Let me start with Brexit. What I want to know is whether Donald Trump believes what happened in the UK is in the best interests of the United States. He said it was good for the UK, and I understand that. But does he believe what happened is in the best interests of the United States? MANAFORT: Well, you have to understand what happened there. What happened with Brexit was people taking back control. I mean, the faceless bureaucrats in Brussels and Strasburg who have ruled and told the Brits how to live, making promises to them that their lives would get better, and talking about a future based on globalism versus family and individual and local community. That’s what Brexit was all about. And the reality is those are the same issues that have caused the angst in America today. This election in 2016, where Donald Trump is the only change agent, is set up perfectly on those same themes because Hillary Clinton is the epitome of the establishment. She’s been in power for 25 years. and the issues, the promises that globalism is the solution, the promise that government is going to make your life better if you just give up your freedoms, the promises that we know better than you on how to make your lives better have been rejected. That’s what Donald Trump has identified. That’s what Brexit identified. That’s what’s going to be the basis for the election in 2016. Follow Pam Key on Twitter @pamkeyNEN",Breitbart,2016-06-26,2016-06,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
64,"JACKSON, Miss.  —   Thousands of miles away from home, in a solidly Republican state, a British populist politician came here on Wednesday to deliver “a message of hope and a message of optimism. ” “You have a fantastic opportunity here,” said Nigel Farage, the outgoing U. K. Independence Party leader in Britain who is credited with leading the Brexit movement months ago. “You can go out, you can beat the pollsters, you can beat the commentators, you can beat Washington, and you’ll do it by doing what we did for Brexit in Britain. ” In a campaign that has staked its reputation on “America First,” the presence of a foreign politician was as unexpected as a Republican presidential candidate campaigning in a deeply conservative state with 11 weeks left in the election, yet Mr. Farage delivered a rousing speech in support of Donald J. Trump, keeping in line with the candidate’s populist message and offering supporters a vision and an example that they can win. He repeatedly referred to how the Brexit vote represented an upstart victory for the “little people,” how his political effort turned out “people who have never voted in their lives” and how “anything is possible if enough decent people are prepared to stand up to the establishment. ” His remarks offered a salve of optimism as Mr. Trump finds himself behind in many national and swing state polls. Mr. Farage pointed out that the Brexit vote had “beat the pollsters” and that it could be done again. For Mr. Trump, who stood just to the side of the lectern as Mr. Farage spoke, repeatedly nodding, smiling and applauding, the Brexit vote presented a parallel for his campaign. “I was very supportive of their right to do it and take control of their own future like exactly what we’re going to be voting for on Nov. 8,” Mr. Trump said, adding, “November is our chance to redeclare American independence. ” Initially, Mr. Farage expressed reticence in directly addressing the politics of the election, noting that he himself had criticized President Obama’s speech in Britain before the Brexit vote. “Having criticized and condemned his behavior, I could not possibly tell you how to vote in this election, but  …    ” he said as he let his voice trail off and the crowd whoop itself into a frenzy. Moments later, he reversed course. “If I was an American citizen, I wouldn’t vote for Hillary Clinton if you paid me,” he said, and urged the crowd to “get your walking boots on” and “get out there campaigning. ” For the rest of the rally, Mr. Trump ran through most of his standard stump speech, repeatedly harping on the immigration plan of Mrs. Clinton and accusing her of playing identity politics and delivering his harshest criticism of the candidate’s relationship with minority voters. “Hillary Clinton is a bigot who sees people of color only as votes, not as human beings worthy of a better future,” Mr. Trump told the crowd. Mr. Trump and Mr. Farage appeared at a   dinner before the rally, where Mr. Trump had said he was brilliant for championing Brexit and remind the crowd that he predicted the victory, according to an attendee at the dinner. Mr. Farage’s presence seemed to offer Mr. Trump living proof of his   clairvoyance, as Mr. Trump constantly says in his speeches that he is “very good at predicting. ” There was the occasional moment at the rally, however, when the declared parallels between the Brexit vote and the Trump campaign seemed to be lost on the crowd. At one point, Mr. Farage ratcheted his voice up with the gusto normally reserved for an applause line. “The big coward,” he shouted, referring to   Minister David Cameron, and attacking him for inviting a “foreign visitor” to London. More silence from the crowd. “Yes, we were visited by one Barack Obama,” he said. The boos rained down.",New York Times,2016-09-23,2016-09,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
65,"(AFP)  —   The appointment of leading Brexit campaigners to her new government emphasises Prime Minister Theresa May’s commitment to pulling Britain out of the EU, despite her own reservations, analysts said Thursday. [Taking office three weeks after the vote to leave the bloc, May, who campaigned to stay in the EU, installed “Leave” leader Boris Johnson as foreign minister, despite his history of diplomatic gaffes.  “His appointment is a gamble,” said Peter Snowdon, a   observer of the ruling Conservative party who   a book on May’s predecessor, David Cameron. “She sees him as the frontman of the ‘Leave’ campaign and also she sees his popularity  —    even if he is a divisive figure,” he told AFP. With EU leaders pressing for a clear timetable on exiting the bloc, May has created a new ministerial job dedicated to Brexit, which she handed to eurosceptic lawmaker David Davis. Another hardline critic of the EU, Liam Fox, becomes minister for international trade, reflecting the need to forge new alliances if Britain leaves the EU single market. The two men are “unlikely to tolerate any backsliding on the promise that ‘Brexit means Brexit’,” said Mark Wallace, executive editor of the Tory website Conservative Home. “There will be Remainers at the top of government,” he wrote in a commentary, noting that May’s new finance minister Philip Hammond campaigned alongside her to stay in the EU. “These appointments show that true ‘Leavers’ will be alongside them with specific power over the process of escaping the EU  —   good news for the 17. 4 million voters” who chose Brexit and want to ensure it “really happens”. Nigel Farage, the former leader of the   UK Independence Party (UKIP) said the choice of Fox and Davis was “inspired”. He had previously voiced fears that the government might try to renege on the popular vote but said: “I feel more optimistic now. ” By dividing up responsibility for Brexit, however, Snowdon said May had ensured she could keep overall control. “I suspect May will take a firm grip of her ministers and will lead the strategy,” he said. “She will be delegating to such an extent that she will retain the overall direction. ”  —   Containing Boris  —   The return of Johnson, a charismatic but divisive figure who had seemed finished after pulling out of the race to replace Cameron at the last minute, stunned onlookers. But Simon Usherwood, senior politics lecturer at the University of Surrey, said it could be a canny move. “May has taken the emblematic Brexiteer and stuck him in a position that plays to his strengths, while also limiting his capacity to cause trouble, either for the UK or for May,” he wrote in a blog posting. In her speech on entering Downing Street, May promised to promote social justice, reflecting the fact that many voters who backed Brexit feel left behind in modern Britain. The departure of George Osborne, Cameron’s finance minister for the past six years and an aggressive campaigner for the “Remain” camp, is another boost for the Brexit camp. May now faces the tough job of extricating Britain from its   membership of the EU. She is under pressure from EU leaders to quickly begin the formal exit process, but she has yet to reveal her timetable. She had said it would not happen until next year. May spoke to the German and French leaders on the phone late Wednesday, and will “probably have informal discussions with other heads of state” Snowdon said. “She doesn’t like to rush into decision, she listens to everybody, that was her style of leadership in the interior ministry  —   there is no reason to change,” he said.",Breitbart,2016-07-14,2016-07,0,0,1,1,0,0,1,1,0
66," (CNN) The European Union’s chief Brexit negotiator, Michel Barnier, warned Britain on Tuesday it may only have 18 months to strike an exit deal from the bloc. Speaking in Brussels, Belgium, Barnier said the process would need to be completed by October 2018 to allow for ratification by the 27 remaining member states within the   time scale prescribed by EU rules. ”Should the UK notify the council by the end of March 2017, as Prime Minister Theresa May said she would, it is safe to say negotiations could start a few weeks later and an Article 50 agreement be reached by October 2018,” he said. Barnier warned the time available to conclude a deal would be short. ”All in all, there will be less than 18 months to negotiate.” Barnier stressed that the EU was prepared for the task ahead: ”We are ready. Keep calm and negotiate,” he said, referring to the British wartime mantra of ”Keep calm and carry on.”  ’ ’ is not an option  Barnier warned Britain there would be no ” ” on EU principles, such as access to the single market and freedom of movement. ”Membership of the EU comes with rights and benefits,” he said. ”Third countries can never have the same rights and benefits since they are not subject to same obligations.” When asked whether this would be a ”hard or soft Brexit”    referring to a decisive cut or a gentler easing of relations    Barnier was adamant there was only one type of divorce. ”Frankly, I do not know what a hard or soft Brexit (is),” he said. ”I can only say what a Brexit is.” Speaking at a summit in Bahrain on Tuesday, May said she was planning on a ”red, white and blue Brexit.” ”That is the right deal for the United Kingdom,” she added. Court challenge throws wrench in the works, Barnier said there would be no negotiations until the UK had triggered Article 50, formally signaling its intention to leave the EU. In the meantime, he was building a team of 30 people to ensure the EU was prepared for an Article 50 declaration by the end of March. For Britain, that timeline may be easier said than done.  May previously planned on triggering Article 50 by the end of March. But the process was thrown into confusion in November when the High Court sided with campaigners who argued the government must seek the support of Parliament first. The UK Supreme Court has now begun hearing a government appeal over whether members of Parliament must approve the decision to trigger Article 50. All 11 judges will hear the   case    for the first time since the Supreme Court was established in 2009    before giving a ruling in early 2017. Gina Miller, woman behind Brexit bombshell, Barnier’s formidable negotiating team, While the British government deals with court challenges, the EU has been assembling a formidable negotiating team for Brexit. A former French foreign minister, the chief negotiator has already embarked on a tour of all the remaining 27 EU states, diving into the backroom talks necessary to keep the EU united and in line before Article 50 is invoked. Barnier has also installed Sabine Weyand    a senior German negotiator and seasoned veteran of many EU trade deals    as his deputy. There were rumors that Barnier would demand Brexit negotiations in French, not English. But he batted away speculation by tweeting that he speaks both languages fluently and the official language of talks would be determined at the beginning of negotiations. Despite his tough talk Tuesday, Barnier has also shown he is not beyond teasing his British counterparts, recently tweeting a photo of himself in front of the Museum of Broken Relationships.",CNN,2016-12-06,2016-12,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
67,"The Leave campaign won the referendum on withdrawing Britain from the European Union because the arguments on which the Remain side relied made Leave’s case. The Remain campaign began with a sham, was monomaniacal with its Project Fear, and ended in governmental thuggishness. The sham was Prime Minister David Cameron’s attempt to justify Remain by negotiating EU concessions regarding Britain’s subservience to the EU. This dickering for scraps of lost sovereignty underscored Britain’s servitude and achieved so little that Remainers rarely mentioned it during their campaign. Voters were not amused by the Cameron government’s threat of what critics called a “Punishment Budget” to inflict pain on pensioners (e. g. no more free bus passes) and others because Brexit might cause GDP to contract 9. 5 percent and home prices might plummet 18 percent. Voters did not like being told that they really had no choice. And that it was too late to escape from entanglement in the EU’s   tentacles. And that the very viscosity of the EU’s statism guarantees its immortality. EDITORIAL: Reflections on the Shock of Brexit, By breaking the   ratchet that moves steadily, and only, toward more “pooled” sovereignty and centralization of power, Brexit refutes the progressive narrative that history has an inexorable trajectory that “experts” discern and before which all must bow. The EU’s contribution to this fable is its vow to pursue “  union. ” Yes, ever. Share article on FacebookshareTweet To understand why Brexit could and should be the beginning of an existential crisis for the EU, look across the English Channel, to France. There, King Clovis recently was invoked 1505 years after his death in 511. Before a particular battle, Clovis promised that if the God to whom his Christian wife prayed would grant him victory, he would become a Christian. He won the battle and converted. Recently, Nicolas Sarkozy, France’s once and perhaps future president, said France was “born of the baptism of Clovis,” it has a Christian tradition and remains “a country of churches, cathedrals, abbeys and shrines. ” Actually, 71 percent of the French say religion is unimportant to them and fewer than 4. 5 percent attend weekly church services. But Sarkozy was aligning himself with the palpable desire in France and elsewhere in Europe to resist the cultural homogenization that is an intended consequence of EU’s pressure for the “harmonization” of the laws and policies of its 28 disparate member nations. RELATED: Brexit and the End of International Progressive Inevitability, In Paris these days there are marches by a group called “Generation Identitaire,” described as the “hipster Right. ” It aims to rally “young French and Europeans who are proud of their heritage. ” A recent statement on its website declared that “Islamist attacks” and “the migrant invasion” made 2015 “a turning point in the history of our country. ” The statement continued: “The French have been silent for too long. . . . It is time to show our determination to live on our land, under our laws, our values and with respect to our own identity. ” Sarkozy, the son of Greek and Hungarian immigrants, sympathizes. More Brexit The SNP Won’t Let the Issue of Scottish Independence GoAfter the U. K. Election, Expect Brexit to Continue ApaceBrexit Is an Embrace of the Global Economy’s New GeographyEuroskepticism is rising dramatically in many EU nations. There might be other referendums. Or the EU might seek to extinguish this escape mechanism. A poll in Sweden indicated that it might follow Britain out. In France, there could be a campaign for Frexit. Such was the Remain side’s intellectual sloth, it wielded the threadbare aspersion that advocating withdrawal amounted to embracing “isolationism. ” Actually, Brexit was the choice for Britain’s international engagement as a nation. The revival of nationhood is a prerequisite for the reinvigoration of   through reclaimed national sovereignty. Hence June 23, 2016, is now among the most important dates in   European history.,",National Review,2016-06-25,2016-06,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
68,"London (CNN) British Prime Minister Theresa May has stunned the UK political world by calling for an early general election, seeking a stronger mandate in talks over leaving the European Union. In an unexpected statement at Downing Street, May said she was seeking a vote on June 8, less than halfway through the government’s   term. Opposition parties said they would not block the move, sending Westminster into   election mode.  The European Union brushed off May’s announcement, saying it would not affect the negotiations on Britain’s departure. But May’s decision means that Europe’s three most powerful nations    France, Germany and Britain    will be convulsed by internal election campaigns as the clock ticks on the   deadline to complete Brexit negotiations. Key developments, MPs must approve decision to dissolve Parliament   through full term. Vote will be held in Parliament on Wednesday. May had full support of Cabinet and had spoken to the Queen. Opposition parties say they will not block move to hold election on June 8. Theresa May likely to substantially increase her slim majority. May, who commands only a slim majority in parliament’s lower House of Commons, said that a new mandate would strengthen her hand in Brexit talks.  A general election would end the attempts of opposition parties and members of the House of Lords to thwart her Brexit plans, she said. ”If we do not hold a general election now, their political game playing will continue,” she told reporters at Downing Street. ”At this moment of enormous national significance, there should be unity here in Westminster, but instead there is division. The country is coming together, but Westminster is not,” she added. ”We need a general election and we need one now.” READ: May’s full speech, Her decision is a sharp reversal of policy    since taking over as Prime Minister, May had repeatedly ruled out an early election. May said she changed her mind on a recent walking holiday with her husband in Wales. It is also a risky roll of the political dice. A fractious election campaign will reopen wounds barely healed after last year’s EU referendum and give voice to those who oppose her strategy of pursuing a clean break from Europe. May’s Conservative Party currently holds 330 of the 650 seats in the House of Commons. She is expected to win an increased number    opinion polls show support for the opposition Labour Party, led by Jeremy Corbyn, at record low levels.  Corbyn said he would not oppose the call for an election. ”I welcome the Prime Minister’s decision to give the British people the chance to vote for a government that will put the interests of the majority first,” he said. Under legislation introduced by the coalition government led her predecessor, David Cameron, an early election requires the support of   of MPs in the House of Commons. May said she would place a motion on Wednesday in the House of Commons calling for a vote on June 8. A Downing Street spokesman said that May had the full backing of her Cabinet on calling the election and that the Prime Minister had spoken with Queen Elizabeth II on Monday.  Campaign begins, May called on voters to throw their support behind her Conservative Party, adding that ”every vote for the Conservatives will make me stronger” in Brexit talks. Corbyn said he welcomed the decision to call for an election, even though his party is fractured over his leadership, widely regarded as lackluster. Tim Farron, leader of the Liberal Democrats    which was battered in the 2015 election and now holds just nine seats in the House of Commons    said the election was Britain’s chance to change direction. The Liberal Democrats oppose Brexit, and Farron said he would push for as strong an association with Europe as possible     a   ”soft” Brexit    including membership of the EU’s   zone, the single market. READ: Market reaction, pound swings, The party said it had gained 1, 000 new members in the hour after May’s announcement. Labour also said it had gained 1, 000 members Tuesday.   In Scotland, First Minister Nicola Sturgeon is likely to use the campaign to pursue her demand for a fresh independence referendum, after Scotland overwhelmingly voted to stay in the European Union. ”This announcement is one of the most extraordinary   in recent political history, and it shows that Theresa May is once again putting the interests of her party ahead of those of the country,” Sturgeon said. Brexit talks loom, Britain voted in July last year to leave the union after 44 years of membership in a divisive and hotly contested referendum. May officially began the Brexit process on March 29 by triggering Article 50, the legal mechanism needed to begin the divorce process and officially start talks with the EU. The negotiations are expected to be tough and will likely take place over two years, though the more complex aspects of Britain’s future relationship with the EU, such as trade, could take even longer. May has struggled with not only the opposition, but with members within her own Conservative Party, who have been at loggerheads over what kind of Brexit the country should have. The Prime Minister laid out her vision for Brexit in January and more formally later with a White Paper. But even that basic framework    which spelled out that Britain would leave the EU’s single market    caused divisions in her party and involved several rounds of deliberations before a coherent plan could be presented.  The European Union appeared unwavered by the announcement. Preben Aaman, a spokesman for the European Council president Donald Tusk, said the EU would continue with its plans to adopt guidelines on April 29 for the Brexit talks.",CNN,2017-04-18,2017-04,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
69,"Donald Trump rallied his supporters in Colorado Springs, Colorado on Tuesday afternoon, telling them this election is another Brexit, referencing the United Kingdom voting to leave the European Union earlier this year and also calling for term limits for Congress. [“We’re doing great. If we keep our spirit and if we go out and win, this is another Brexit, believe me,” Trump told his supporters. “I don’t believe the polls anymore. ”  Trump’s reference to Brexit  —   and how most polls on Brexit were wrong  —   comes after several national polls have him behind Hillary Clinton. Trump takes the stage in Colorado Springs, Colorado pic. twitter.   —   Chris Snyder (@ChrisSnyderFox) October 18, 2016,  The Republican nominee continued his attack on the media during the campaign rally, saying it is “just an extension of the Clinton campaign. ” “The press has created a rigged system and poisoned the mind of so many of our voters,” he added. “This is an election about truth. ” Trump also called for congressional term limits. NEW: Trump will call today for a Constitutional amendment to impose term limits on all members of Congress, aides tell me and @kevcirilli.  —   Jennifer Jacobs (@JenniferJJacobs) October 18, 2016, ",Breitbart,2016-10-18,2016-10,0,1,0,1,0,0,1,0,0
70,"Ian McEwan has reportedly described the decision to hold a referendum on Brexit as reminiscent of Nazi Germany and likened politicians and newspapers who attack judges scrutinising the process to Robespierre during the terror of the French Revolution. The   author made the remarks during a visit to Barcelona at the end of last week to promote his latest novel, Nutshell. In comments reported by Spanish newspapers and websites, McEwan called Brexit “a real disaster” questioned why it had been put to a referendum rather than parliament and lamented the toxic state of the debate in the UK since the vote last June. “Sixteen million Britons wanted to stay in the EU and 17 million wanted to leave, but there exists a small and very energetic political group made up of opaque and impatient people who are driving the process and who speak as though half the country were the entire country,” he said according to El País.  “It’s also serious because Great Britain works on the basis of a parliamentary democracy and not through plebiscites, which remind me of the Third Reich. ” According to the newspaper, he added that the politicians claiming to speak on behalf of the people tended to “react violently” to those who did not share their views. “Their militant wing, the tabloid press, has started to look into the lives of the judges who rule that Brexit could result in the loss of human rights to see whether they’re homosexual or something. It’s reminiscent of Robespierre and the terror of the French revolution. The air in my country is very foul. ”  Last November, the high court upset the government’s Brexit plans by ruling that MPs should have a vote on the formal process for beginning Brexit. Three senior judges concluded that the government could not press ahead with triggering article 50 of the Lisbon treaty without first consulting MPs and peers in the Commons and Lords. Parts of the British press attacked the decision, with the Daily Mail branding the judges “enemies of the people” in a   headline and the Daily Telegraph headlining its report “The judges versus the people”. The Mail Online went on to describe one of the judges, Sir Terence Etherton, as “an openly gay   fencer”. McEwan, who has previously referred to the Brexit vote as “a plebiscite of dubious purpose and unacknowledged status” also took the EU and the British government to task over their handling of the refugee crisis.  “It’s a really hard test for Europe, whose behaviour hasn’t been exemplary: we should accept more people,” he said, according to El País. “England, for example, is only taking in 20, 000 over five years and, of course, [the EU] should spend millions more euros to welcome them sustainably and integrate them. The worrying thing is that the European far right is using it to fertilise a racist field that’s already well fertilised. ” However, another newspaper, El Confidencial, said he had praised the EU as “a heroic project, which, with all its weaknesses and imperfections, has allowed Europe to live in peace for 60 years in a state of relative wellbeing”. The reports of McEwan’s comments on Brexit, originally in English, also varied, with El Mundo saying McEwan had criticised “hasty decisions made through a plebiscite, which remind me of the Third Reich” while El Confidencial reported him saying: “Brexit has been a real disaster, and I feel bad because we are a parliamentary democracy and I don’t like these decisions adopted by plebiscite which remind me of the Third Reich. ” Writing in the Guardian in July, McEwan voiced disbelief at the Brexit vote. “From our agriculture to our science and our universities, from our law to our international relations to our commerce and trade and politics, and who and what we are in the world  —   all is up for a curious, unequal renegotiation with our European neighbours,” he wrote. “And what was the nation’s democratically tendered advice to our lawmakers? That we’re almost evenly split. One third wants to leave, fractionally less than a third wants to stay, and a third doesn’t know or doesn’t care. Seventeen million against 16 million. Each full of contempt for the other. And on this basis and unlike any other country in the world, we are about to redraft our constitution and much else besides. ” McEwan and his representatives have been asked for comment.",Guardian,2017-03-12,2017-03,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
71,"Support for the UK leaving the European Union (EU) has hit a   high, with more that 55 per cent of voters getting behind Brexit, the latest poll has revealed. [For the third successive month, more than half of the voting public approves of the way that Brexit talks are being conducted. Meanwhile, disapproval is at its lowest level yet, sitting at just 45 per cent, a new survey from Orb International shows.  The poll apparently debunks the notion of Brexit regret, and the idea that the British public would vote differently if there was a second referendum. Three per cent more of the voting population now support Brexit than on the day of the referendum. Johnny Heald, managing director of Orb International, told The Telegraph: “Since November, the British public are slowly becoming more comfortable with idea of Brexit and, each month, more are approving of the way in which the government is dealing with negotiations. ” As the dire predictions of   “project fear” have failed to materialise, and the UK’s economy has continued to succeed, it is possible that support for Brexit will continue to grow. However, the public appears to be becoming more interested in trade deals as the divorce process begins, with immigration slipping down the nation’s list of concerns. “However, as these talks develop, it’s interesting that the public is increasingly concerned more about free trade agreements than immigration marking a reversal of the preference aired during the campaign” added Mr. Heald. Immigration was seen as the most important issue in the June referendum. However, the recent survey found that 47 per cent of voters now disagreed that “controlling immigration [was] more important than access to free trade”. Analysis of the figures showed that the swing in opinion has been driven by pensioners, with the proportion of those prioritising immigration over trade falling from 61 per cent in March to 47 per cent in April. Confidence that immigration can be controlled is also down, with only 58 per cent believing that the UK will have greater control over immigration once withdrawal from the EU is complete. The Prime Minister has promised to bring immigration to below 100, o00, but has also said she is happy for free movement to continue for years after Britain leaves the EU during a   “implementation”  period. Last week, a report for   campaign group Leave Means Leave, said that   Britain can slash net migration to 50, 000 a year by barring unskilled labour and imposing a strict visa regime without damaging the economy.",Breitbart,2017-04-16,2017-04,0,1,0,1,0,0,1,0,0
72,"U. S. Presidential candidate Donald Trump has said this morning: “They will soon be calling me MR. BREXIT!” in a tweet expressing how he believes he will win the U. S. election despite polling figures showing him behind Democrat opponent Hillary Clinton. [Mr. Trump  —   who yesterday announced the hire of Breitbart’s Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon as his new campaign CEO  —   as well as top pollster Kellyanne Conway, is said to believe that the U. S. presidential election is similar to the United Kingdom’s European Union referendum campaign, where pollsters consistently underestimated the Brexit vote, leading to a shock victory for the populist Leave campaigners.  They will soon be calling me MR. BREXIT!  —   Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) August 18, 2016,  In late June, opinion polling showed the Brexit campaign to leave the European Union (EU) down by as much as six points, with analysts claiming this number might even be larger when considering the “Don’t Know” voters and how they would likely break for the Remain campaign. Mr. Trump appears to have learned the lessons from that incident, realising the not only are the methodologies of pollsters imperfect, but some of them are even changing their methodologies if Mr. Trump is shown to be anywhere close to Mrs. Clinton. Major UK pollster alters methodology to squeeze out  #Brexit views  …     #euref pic. twitter.   —   Raheem Kassam (@RaheemKassam) June 4, 2016,  The same thing happened during the Brexit campaign (as above) as discussed by on the Breitbart News Daily radio show this morning.  In May 2016, Breitbart London reported: “Concerns have been raised over recent EU referendum polls that show massive, anomalous leads to the ‘Remain’ camp, calling into question why the Telegraph newspaper is using a lesser known polling company using sample sizes which are less than half that of regular referendum polls. “A recent ORB poll showed the Remain campaign in the lead by 13 points among people who definitely intend to vote. This is at odds with polling from major UK pollsters who use larger sample sizes. “For instance, Opinium has Remain in the lead by just four points, the same as YouGov. Both companies use sample sizes twice as large as ORB. ”   …     “One polling industry insider told Breitbart London that ORB uses “random digit dialing” which effectively dials random numbers until it makes a connection with a human being who might answer questions. The methodology is used by Pew’s Research Center, but in tiny sample sizes can lead to a less representative sample that relies more on   weighting. ”",Breitbart,2016-08-18,2016-08,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
73,"Bank of America has told its senior staff not to use the word ‘Brexit’ when talking with clients in an attempt to avoid the debate over the UK’s membership of the European Union (EU). [Bank of America (BofA)  —   a multinational banking and financial services corporation  —   last week warned its managers “not to provide opinions, not to influence voters, not to assume a particular result and not to engage in campaigning” ahead of Britain’s referendum in June on whether to leave the EU, reports the Financial Times.  It has been explained that the bank’s advice is “not an attempt to muzzle or control staff” but instead an attempt to avoid the limelight shone on some other corporate backers, and to respect UK electoral law. As such BofA has also reversed its position on financing the   Remain campaign. Following the lead of Goldman Sachs  —   the investment bank which in January donated hundreds of thousands of pounds to those fighting to keep the UK in the EU  —   BofA announced in February it had made plans to donate nearly £100, 000 to the campaign for Britain to stay in the EU. In doing so they would have lined up with other U. S. banking giants such as JPMorgan Chase and Morgan Stanley, but three people close to the situation in BofA told the Financial Times that is no longer the case. BofA initially declined to comment but a source said it was concerned that the term ‘Brexit’ somehow implied bias against voting to leave the EU. It has not, however, stopped the bank using it before now. MarketWatch reports a February report from BofA which set out risks to American companies posed by a Leave vote. Published by Joseph Quinlan  —   head of market and thematic strategy at BofA’s Global Wealth  Investment Management —   it featured the word ‘Brexit’ both in its title and text. Yesterday BofA did comment. It confirmed it had issued guidance “to help employees and the company ensure compliance with relevant legal requirements during the referendum period” but said it had “not issued any authorised instruction to staff regarding the use of the term ‘Brexit’ when talking to clients  —   that should be determined by the context in which it is used. ” On the same day the bank commented on the internal guidance, BofA currency analysts published a note which advised clients “short the euro to hedge for Brexit”. The bank added that its assessment of the potential impact Brexit would have on the financial services sector remains “unchanged”.",Breitbart,2016-03-31,2016-03,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
74," Britain’s upper parliamentary house dealt a defeat to Theresa May’s government on Wednesday, voting for a change to her Brexit plan that says she can only trigger divorce talks if she promises to protect EU citizens’ rights. The defeat is a blow to the Prime Minister, who had hoped to pass her Brexit bill without changes, and it will push back the earliest date she can formally launch the process of Britain’s departure from the European Union to around March 13. However her plan to begin negotiations before the end of March remains on track, and government sources said May would fight to overturn the defeat when the changes are presented to the lower house of parliament, where her party has a majority. The House of Lords voted 358 to 256 to make an amendment to the European Union (Notification of Withdrawal) Bill.  The change requires the government to publish proposals on how to protect EU citizens currently living in Britain    including their residency rights    within three months of triggering the Brexit process defined by Article 50 of the EU’s Lisbon Treaty. Wednesday’s defeat was orchestrated by the opposition Labour Party and the Liberal Democrats. ”Labour believe that EU nationals should not be used as bargaining chips in Brexit negotiations,” said the party’s Brexit spokesman Keir Starmer. ”There is a growing consensus that this must be resolved before Article 50 is triggered, and the Prime Minister is now increasingly isolated.” While May has said she wants to guarantee EU citizens’ rights, she has not been prepared to do so until other member states agreed a reciprocal deal. ”We are disappointed the Lords (upper chamber) have chosen to amend a bill that the Commons (lower chamber) passed without amendment,” a spokeswoman for the Brexit department said in a statement. ”Our position on EU nationals has repeatedly been made clear. We want to guarantee the rights of EU citizens who are already living in Britain, and the rights of British nationals living in other member states, as early as we can.”  (Reporting by Kylie MacLellan; Editing by Alison Williams and John Stonestreet) LONDON Manchester Airport said on Wednesday that its Terminal 3 building was being evacuated due to a potential issue with a bag, which was being investigated. DUBAI Qatar faces further isolation and possible expulsion from the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) if its response to a list of demands made nearly two weeks ago is not satisfactory,   Gulf media said on Wednesday. ",Reuters,2017-03-01,2017-03,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
75," British Prime Minister Theresa May’s narrowing lead in opinion polls ahead of the June 8 election has weakened sterling and raised questions over whether she will win the landslide predicted just over a month ago. The vote will decide whether May or her Labour Party rival Jeremy Corbyn takes control of Britain’s exit from the European Union   a   negotiation which will plot a new course for the $2. 6 trillion economy. The prime minister called the snap election in a bid to strengthen her hand in Brexit negotiations, to win more time to deal with the impact of the divorce and to strengthen her grip on the Conservative Party. While she is still expected to win, with a lead of between one percentage point and 12 points in polls released over recent days, financial markets are now digesting a bigger range of outcomes than they previously had considered. LANDSLIDE MAY VICTORY Sterling rallied in April when May called the vote as investors bet her   poll lead would translate into a big majority, reducing uncertainty over whether she would have the mandate required to negotiate on Britain’s behalf and then drive the deal through parliament. The snap election pushes back the date of the next planned national election from 2020   just after Britain is due to have quit the EU   to 2022, giving May more time to put the exit deal in place and potentially reducing political risk over how the deal is implemented. Some also take the view that a big majority would allow her to make compromises with Brussels, in contrast to a hardline approach to date that has prioritized issues like immigration and trade over access to Europe’s lucrative single market. That all helped push sterling to an   high of $1. 3048 on May 18, since when it has weakened. U. S. bank Citi said a majority of more than 100 seats would lower the risk of a chaotic EU exit, but also reduce the chance that Britain could remain a member of the EU single market. ”Ultimately, with a big majority for the Conservatives confirming a ’  ’ Brexit base case, we think that abating uncertainty risks could see   head towards 1. 34 in the near term,” Citi strategists said in a note last month. MAY WINS WITH ENHANCED MAJORITY The Conservatives’ lead fell sharply after May announced plans to make elderly voters pay more toward their   care, while Corbyn has gained ground thanks to popular policies such as renationalization and higher taxes for the rich. Whilst still broadly predicting May will improve on the   victory her predecessor David Cameron won in 2015, the narrowing polls suggest a majority that might fall well short of a   or more landslide. Bank analysts say that would not undermine the central scenarios which have helped the pound in the past month but might struggle to drive it much higher. ”We think our base case (a   Conservative majority) will result in sterling rallying back to the $1. . 3150 range,” analysts from Canada’s Bank of Montreal said in a note to clients.  ”Foremost, this would be the result of market relief that the most bearish result (a Labour victory) didn’t come to pass.” MAY WINS BUT NO OVERALL GAINS:   MAJORITY OR LESS If May does not handsomely beat the   majority  Cameron won in 2015, her electoral gamble will have failed, her ability to drive Brexit reform through parliament will be diminished and she will go into talks later this month looking weaker.  The converse view is that with less room for maneuver domestically, she will be able to reject compromises proposed by Brussels and drive a harder bargain, knowing that EU negotiators will not want May to execute her threat of leaving without a deal. For investors the   factor is likely to be greater uncertainty about whether there will be a deal on Brexit and what it will look like.  Citi said anything less than a   majority could increase political risks and uncertainty for the Brexit process, pushing sterling lower. ”May’s potential dependence on minorities such as hard Brexiteers or hard Remainers would raise the risk of ’chaotic Brexit’ but also the chance of a much softer Brexit than she currently aims for,” analysts from the U. S. bank said. The   to   reaction would likely be a fall in sterling to $1. 20, but with the potential for it to rise as high as $1. 50 if the political situation evolved in a way that forced May to soften her demands on Brexit, they added. HUNG PARLIAMENT: NO CLEAR WINNER If neither main party wins a clear majority, markets will have to deal with considerable uncertainty over who will form the next government and what compromises the eventual prime minister will have to make to get the support of other parties. In 2010, when the Liberal Democrats held the balance of power, markets reacted to the uncertainty by selling sterling. This time round the choice is likely to be even less clear, with the Liberal Democrats greatly reduced in number and the   Scottish National Party likely to have more influence. The Conservatives’ positioning on Brexit and, to a lesser extent other domestic issues like austerity, makes it unlikely that it could find a willing coalition partner, making a   government the most likely outcome from a hung parliament. JP Morgan said that despite the uncertainty, that outcome could generate a rise for sterling.  ”A hung parliament would in more normal circumstances be viewed as quite a negative for sterling,” analyst Paul Meggyesi said in a note distributed to media on Tuesday and sent to clients at the end of last week. ”But in the   world, all political developments need to be viewed through a Brexit prism and an argument can be made that a hung parliament which delivered or held out the prospect of a   coalition of the    parties . .. might actually be GBP positive.” CORBYN VICTORY A clear win for Corbyn, whose less than    leadership has been marked by poor ratings, divisions among his party and a failed coup attempt, would force many investors to redraw their assumptions on both Brexit and the fiscal outlook. History shows that sterling tends to weaken on big moves towards Labour in the polls and analysts and   traders say they would be braced for an immediate dive in the pound if Corbyn won. Longer term, however, analysts from a number of banks highlight the potential for both more borrowing to fund economic stimulus and the increased likelihood that Corbyn will negotiate a closer trading relationship with the EU than May would have done. ”At first GBP may suffer as a result from the UK shifting to the   side of politics and investors’ expectations of larger deficit financing,” analysts from Japan’s Nomura said in a note. ”But because of the higher real yields we would expect and hopes of a soft Brexit   or indeed no Brexit at all   this should eventually provide support to the currency.” ($1 = 0. 7780 pounds)  (Additional reporting by Ritvik Carvalho; Editing by Guy Faulconbridge and Peter Millership) DUBAI Arab states that have imposed sanctions on Qatar, accusing it of links to terrorism, were due to meet in Cairo on Wednesday to consider Doha’s response to a stiff ultimatum, but settlement of the dispute seemed far off. LONDON Manchester Airport said on Wednesday that its Terminal 3 building was being evacuated due to a potential issue with a bag, which was being investigated. ",Reuters,2017-06-08,2017-06,0,0,1,0,1,0,0,1,0
76," Brexit  —   the United Kingdom’s vote to leave the European Union  —   is raising urgent questions for the future of the UK.    Among the many communities gobsmacked by Thursday night’s voting results is UK scientists  —   who depend heavily on EU membership for research funding, collaboration, and recruitment of top talent. Their access to Europe’s large pool of research funding is now at stake, as is their ability to share knowledge across borders. Some of the most dramatic recent advances in science in Europe  —   like the discovery of the Higgs boson particle  —   depend on international collaboration. And so the Brexit is also a huge morale blow. It could mean there will be fewer opportunities for sharing ideas and more limited means for Britons to join the most important projects happening in their fields.      Nobel Prize winning physicist Peter Higgs has described #Brexit results as a ”disaster” for British science. Watch:https:  .   —   Will Goodbody (@willgoodbody) June 24, 2016    The UK is a scientific powerhouse As the Economist points out, the UK represents just 1 percent of the world’s population but is home to 4 percent of all scientific researchers. Those scientists produce 16 percent of the most highly cited research papers in the world. The UK punches heavily above its weight when it comes to science.    But EU membership helps fuel that UK powerhouse, both by providing funding for research projects and by enabling an international science culture, which hastens the flow of people and ideas to the country. So the 52 percent vote in favor of Brexit Thursday night shocked many British researchers who were hoping to remain in the EU.      Brexit was a magic lens through which everyone saw a different political fantasy. A lot of people are going to be very upset by the reality.  —   ben goldacre (@bengoldacre) June 24, 2016    ”Brexit will immediately destabilize our ongoing European Union —  funded   studies,” summed up Rustam   Salman, a professor of clinical neurology at the University of Edinburgh. In particular,   Salman said, the future of any project currently being set up or seeking funding is now far less certain, because all such projects were planned under EU regulation. ”And it will decrease the financial support for research in the UK because we will no longer be eligible for European funding,” he added. In March, Nature surveyed 666 researchers living in the UK. A full 83 percent of respondents said they’d like to remain in the EU. But more than that, the scientists also predicted that leaving the EU would have horrible consequences for science in the country.            Why are scientists worried? First off: funding. The most obvious worry is about funding. According to the BMJ, research is one area in which the UK gets a hefty return on its investment. While the UK contributes £5. 4 billion to EU research, it gets back £8. 8 billion in research grants. This means UK researchers might lose access to that pool of money, including  the Horizon 2020 program, a   funding scheme for ambitious science projects. Currently, UK research institutions get around 16 percent of their funding from the EU, Nature reports. ( ”Leave” politicians have promised to make up for the budget shortfall. But then labs would have to reapply for their grants, through a system that may prioritize their work differently.) But with the UK departure, the European Union will also miss out on UK money for science. ”And then the   science would cost more,” Debora MacKenzie reports in MIT Technology Review. ”Britain would also lose its right, as an EU member, to help decide how the money is spent.”            Now the research community will be left to scramble in order to make up that difference. ”In the past, UK science has been well supported by EU funding,” said Venki Ramakrishnan, president of the Royal Society, in a statement. ”This has been an essential supplement to UK research funds. In the upcoming negotiations we must make sure that research, which is the bedrock of a sustainable economy, is not short changed, and the Government ensures that the overall funding level of science is maintained.”   Why #Brexit is terrible for UK science, in one map https:  .  pic. twitter.   —   Lucky Tran (@luckytran) June 24, 2016    The Brexit will hit certain research areas harder than others, notes Digital Science, an   tech firm. Forestry sciences in the UK receive 53 percent of their funding from the EU and evolutionary biology gets around 67 percent; the nanotechnology sector gets around 62 percent of its funds from European grants.    The second worry is potentially greater. Second: The scientific community benefits greatly from open borders As Vox’s Zack Beauchamp reports, Brexit was largely about fears around recent immigration surges in the UK. But open European borders have been great for young scientists, since citizens of any EU country can live in any EU country.  They can work or study anywhere on the continent, and many choose the UK; its research institutions get 15 percent of their staff from EU countries. ”One of the great strengths of UK research has always been its international nature, and we need to continue to welcome researchers and students from abroad,” Ramakrishnan added. ”Any failure to maintain the free exchange of people and ideas between the UK and the international community including Europe could seriously harm UK science.”   If you were wondering about the impact of #Brexit on science, Paul Nurse, former head of @royalsociety sums it up pic. twitter.   —   Ananyo Bhattacharya (@Ananyo) June 24, 2016    ”People who work in the science community grow up with the concept that through collaboration great scientific insights happen,”  Paul Drayson, a former UK science minister, told Scientific American. ”And so the very idea that a country would voluntarily withdraw from Europe seems anathema to scientists.” Open European borders have also helped accelerate collaboration and innovation in science. Think of the Large Hadron Collider, the particle accelerator that’s changing our understanding of the universe, which is based in Switzerland and France. That project employs more than 2, 000 people from 21 EU member countries. These types of collaborations will only continue to become more necessary as the questions scientists seek to answer become more complex. But Brexit means it might become harder for the UK to host such ambitious endeavors.    What comes next for UK scientists? The details of how the UK will exit the EU will be hashed out in a long and complicated   process. But given the politics of the vote, it’s likely to result in tougher restrictions on immigration. And researchers say one of their immediate worries is that they’ll lose out on recruiting opportunities. ”In my research group of 10 or so people . .. we have very international representation,”  Michelle L. Oyen, an engineer at Cambridge, tells Vox. ”All we are doing with Brexit is making it such that more and more people (like postdoc applicants or young academics) have to jump through a lot of hoops to even come close to being eligible for visas.  With that, it’s likely that people won’t bother to apply and we’ll lose a lot of quality applicants in early career science and engineering.” The Royal Astronomical Society, which began in London in 1820, is similarly concerned. ”UK and European science benefit from the free movement of people between countries, something that has allowed UK research to become world leading,” according to a press statement from the society. Big scientific collaborations like the European Space Agency or the European Southern Observatory are not limited to EU membership, the society mentions. But ”these organizations depend on international recruitment made easier by straightforward migration between countries.” ”British scientists will have to work hard in the future to counter the isolationism of Brexit if our science is to continue to thrive,” Paul Nurse, the head of the Francis Crick Institute in London, told reporters.     ",Vox,2016-06-24,2016-06,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
77,"The British government is pledging yet again to stop European Union migrants from claiming benefits after EU officials slapped down the plans last year. [Former Prime Minister David Cameron made the promise a key part of his demands while attempting to renegotiate the terms of Britain’s EU membership. However, other EU leaders would only agree to a temporary compromise, forcing Mr Cameron into an embarrassing climb down and helping fuel the Brexit vote.  Now his successor Theresa May is looking at resurrecting the policy and bringing EU migrants in line with migrants from elsewhere in the world. The Times reports that the government is considering the move along with a series of other decisions over the future of Britain’s immigration system after Brexit. In February last year, government data showed the UK has paid over £1 billion in welfare payments to unemployed EU migrants. Figures showed that in   alone, British taxpayers paid £886million for unemployed EU migrants living in the UK, and a further £814 million for EU migrants in work. Now the government is deciding whether to finally honour David Cameron’s pledge of ending these benefits, although they have so far refused to commit. The report comes as the government continues to give mixed signals over its Brexit strategy. David Davis, the Brexit minister, has hinted he would not like to see business affected by curbs on   immigration, indicating at various times that Britain could stay in leave the Single Market. Chancellor Philip Hammond has also called for a “business friendly” Brexit, although has declined to go into details. However, Theresa May is determined to appear tough on immigration. In her speech to the Conservative Party conference in October, the Prime Minister said: “We are not leaving the European Union to give up control over immigration again. “We are leaving to be a fully sovereign and independent country  —   and that deal is going to have to work for Britain. ”",Breitbart,2017-01-02,2017-01,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
78,"Democrats are worried that Brexit, the   British vote last Thursday to leave the European Union, could portend victory for Donald Trump over Hillary Clinton in the U. S. presidential election in November. [Republicans, too, see the same potential  —   though for different reasons. Conservatives note parallels between Trump and the “Leave” campaign such as a common hostility to the political establishment, a populist base, and a quiet current of public support beneath pollsters’ radar.  Liberals, however, see other parallels. They see Trump not just as a populist outsider, but as a potential   . Accordingly, they see parallels between Britain asserting its national sovereignty, and the wave of economic protectionism and nationalist expansion that seized the world in the 1930s, ultimately leading to the advent of fascism and World War II. A writer for the   Israeli paper Ha’aretz, for example, has published an   titled: “Will Explosive Brexit Shocker Trigger a Chain Reaction That Makes Trump President?” Citing Hannah Arendt’s The Origins of Totalitarianism, the author draws dark connections between Trump and Brexit: The same elements of white resentment, fear of immigrants, anxiety over globalization, animosity towards cosmopolitan elites of every shape and kind and people’s wish “to take their country back in their hands,” as Trump said, could come together at just the right time to elect the GOP candidate as President as well .   …     If conservative Great Britain can ignore universal warnings and launch a process that most of the world considers catastrophic, than daredevil America can certainly follow in its footsteps, and more so. The author presumes Brexit will trigger an economic crisis for which President Barack Obama, and Hillary Clinton, will be blamed. Trump supporters, more optimistic about Brexit, have arrived at the same conclusion by different reasoning, seeing new hope for democratic revival and institutional reform. Joel B. Pollak is Senior    at Breitbart News. His new book, See No Evil: 19 Hard Truths the Left Can’t Handle, will be published by Regnery on July 25 and is available for   through Amazon. Follow him on Twitter at @joelpollak.",Breitbart,2016-06-25,2016-06,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
79,"As the Prime Minister’s Article 50 letter made its way to Brussels, Brexit campaign leader Nigel Farage paid “a personal tribute and thank you” to former Breitbart boss Stephen K. Bannon for the role he played in securing victory for the Leave campaign in the European Union (EU) referendum. [In an interview with Breitbart London Editor in Chief Raheem Kassam on Breitbart News Daily, to mark the occasion of Britain finally triggering Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty and officially commencing the Brexit process, the former UKIP chief was bursting with enthusiasm:  “Good morning everybody! It’s a happy day here in London!” he began. “All through the campaign, I went round the country with a placard that said, ‘We want out country back’  —   and I’m just getting a marker pen, and I’m going to cross out the ‘want’ and put ‘got’. “It’s a big, big day, and I think at 12:30, when that letter is delivered in Brussels we will have passed the point of no return. We are going to become an independent,   normal democratic nation again. ” Kassam asked the veteran campaigner if he had ever worried that “legacy Remainers” such as former prime minister Tony Blair and millionaire financier Gina Miller, might succeed in preventing this day from coming to pass. “Well, it shouldn’t have taken nine months,” Farage replied. “Talk about a long gestation!” He did not believe, however, that there was any realistic way out for the political class after more than 17 million British voters backed Brexit, and suggested the delay may have been due to the fact that “the establishment did not want us to vote to leave [and] did not expect us to vote to leave” and made no contingency plans for it. Asked if he thought diehard Remainers might now turn their efforts towards making a success of Brexit, Farage was sceptical. “I don’t think they’ll ever give up they’ve been so used to having their own way,” he said. “But they will begin to look more and more ridiculous. ” Farage confessed that family, friends, and colleagues “all thought I’d been smoking something funny” when he first set out in politics, and that actually achieving Brexit “looked completely and utterly impossible in every way”. “But it’s been a   journey. At first, dozens of people were there helping and supporting me. Then it was hundreds, then it was thousands, then it was millions  —   and today, the impossible dream came true. ” Farage attributed Brexit to failures within the EU itself, including the euro “which nearly all the Remoaners would have signed the country up to 15 years ago”. He took the opportunity to pay tribute to Breitbart News Network in general and former Executive Chairman Stephen K. Bannon, now a leading figure within President Donald J. Trump’s administration, in particular, for giving eurosceptic voices shut out by the establishment media a platform where they could speak to the public: “One of the very important things that happened is, because we had the entire media against us, and not even willing to give us a fair hearing, I think when Bannon opened up the Breitbart office in London and began to give the arguments that I was making a fair hearing, and very quickly, as Breitbart does well, started to reach a very, very big audience. I think actually on this great Brexit day I have to say a personal thank you and tribute to Steve Bannon for having the foresightedness of doing that with Breitbart, and I’m extremely grateful. ” ",Breitbart,2017-03-29,2017-03,0,0,1,0,1,0,0,1,0
80,"British Prime Minister Theresa May vowed Friday to form a government with the support of the Democratic Unionists after her Conservative Party lost its parliamentary majority  —     are set to begin. “I will now form a government  —   a government that can provide certainty and lead Britain forward at this critical time for our country,” a   May said Friday outside 10 Downing Street. She promised no delays in negotiations with the European Union, which were scheduled to begin later this month. “What the country needs more than ever is certainty,” said May, who had called for the “snap election” on April 18  —   three years ahead of schedule  —   in the hopes of boosting her party’s ranks in Parliament. Instead, her election gamble to gain strength in the EU negotiations fizzled and the Conservatives lost their majority while Jeremy Corbyn’s rival Labour Party gained power. A triumphant Corbyn  —   once written off by his opponents as a    —   said May should resign and that he wanted to form a minority government because the country “had enough of austerity politics,” the Washington Post reported. “The prime minister called the election because she wanted a mandate,” Corbyn said after winning   to his north London district. “Well, the mandate she’s got is lost Conservative seats, lost votes, lost support and lost confidence. I would have thought that is enough for her to go, actually. ” But after visiting Buckingham Palace, May remained defiant and said that as long as the Conservatives remain the largest party, only they have the “legitimacy” to govern, according to the BBC. She said she would join with “friends and allies” in the Democratic Unionist Party to take forward Brexit. EU leaders fear that May’s majority loss would delay the talks, which are due to begin June 19. The Conservatives are pushing for a “hard Brexit” by severing all ties with the EU, while Labour prefers a “soft Brexit,” which calls for keeping borders open and reducing tariffs on British exports. “What tonight is about is the rejection of Theresa May’s version of extreme Brexit,” said Keir Starmer, Labour’s policy chief on Brexit, Reuters reported. EU Budget Commissioner Guenther Oettinger told German broadcaster Deutschlandfunk: “We need a government that can act. With a weak negotiating partner, there’s a danger that the (Brexit) negotiations will turn out badly for both sides. ” The Conservatives were forecast to win 319 seats  —   seven short of the 326 needed for a majority and ahead of Labour’s 261 and the   Scottish National Party’s 35, the BBC reported. Combined, the Conservatives and the DUP would have 329 MPs in the Commons. “This government will guide the country through the crucial Brexit talks that begin in just 10 days and deliver on the will of the British people by taking the United Kingdom out of the European Union,” she said. “It will work to keep our nation safe and secure by delivering the change that I set out following the appalling attacks in Manchester and London  —   cracking down on the ideology of Islamist extremism and all those who support it. And giving the police and the authorities the powers they need to keep our country safe,” she continued. The stunning results thrust Northern Ireland’s DUP into the forefront, with its 10 seats enough to give the Conservatives a fragile partnership in which the DUP would support a Conservative minority government without a formal coalition.",New York Post,2017-06-09,2017-06,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
81," Prime Minister Theresa May’s plan to leave the European Union is expected to survive weeks of intense parliamentary scrutiny, which started on Tuesday, despite   lawmakers’ attempts to force the government to rethink its strategy. May’s government is seeking approval for a new law giving her the right to trigger Article 50   the legal process for leaving the bloc   after the Supreme Court ruled last week that she could not take that decision unilaterally. ”This bill simply seeks to deliver the outcome of the referendum   a decision the people of the UK have already made. They will view any attempt to halt its progress dimly,” Brexit minister David Davis told lawmakers at the start of a two day debate on the bill   the first stage in the lawmaking process. Some lawmakers will try to use the legislative process to press May to reveal   details of her negotiating strategy, give parliament and devolved governments more say over the exit talks, or even block Brexit entirely. But Conservative leader May’s majority in parliament means her plan to start Brexit negotiations by the end of March is currently expected to pass through parliament’s legislative process relatively unchanged and on time. ”I suspect at the moment there isn’t going to be enough for a majority for any amendment,” a source close to   discussions on the legislation told Reuters. Disquiet among Conservative lawmakers, many of whom campaigned for Britain to remain in the EU, has so far been contained after May last week bowed to pressure to set out her Brexit plan in a formal policy document. ”The bottom line is that there is very, very, very little appetite for Conservative MPs (Members of Parliament) to back any amendments,” the source said. ”HARD BREXIT”? The second largest party, Labor, called for more parliamentary scrutiny of the Brexit process, but has said it will not ultimately try to thwart it. Several Labor MPs disagree with this stance and will oppose the law. Lawmakers who disagree with the government’s plan to leave the EU’s single market and negotiate a free trade deal with the bloc   a strategy described by some as a ’hard Brexit’   are gearing up for a fight. Five separate amendments designed to halt the bill before it can become law have been submitted by lawmakers from different opposition parties. One of these motions, written by the   Scottish National Party, will be put to a vote on Wednesday. ”Today’s debate falls shamefully short in time and in detail and that is why SNP MPs will be voting against the bill proceeding,” SNP lawmaker Stephen Gethins said in a statement before the debate. In addition, 85 pages of proposed amendments to the short   bill have been submitted for debate at later stages in the parliamentary process, seeking to change the law for a wide range of reasons.   (Editing by Andrew Heavens) SEOUL North Korea said on Wednesday its newly developed intercontinental ballistic missile (ICBM) can carry a large nuclear warhead, triggering a call by Washington for global action to hold it accountable for pursuing nuclear weapons. WASHINGTON During his presidential campaign, Republican Donald Trump praised Russian President Vladimir Putin as a ”strong leader” with whom he would like to reset tense U. S.  relations. ",Reuters,2017-01-31,2017-01,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
82,"Brexit was (and is) the right direction for Britain. But did Prime Minister Theresa May choose the wrong way to get there in her major address on January 17? Extracting the U. K. from Brussels and the European Union is, so far as its political structures are concerned, relatively straightforward. Sorting out a new trading relationship with the EU after more than 40 years of economic integration is more complicated.   percent of British trade is with the EU, including its important   sector. Simply leaving the EU (“hard Brexit”) would place the U. K. outside not only a tariff barrier but also its common regulatory system, a. k. a. the single market. Other things being equal, that would impose additional costs on British exporters. Some economic, business, and establishment voices argue that there should be some way of avoiding this rupture  —   some halfway house such as remaining in the wider European Economic Area (EEA) to ensure Britain’s continued membership in the single market, enable London to restrict EU migration into the U. K. and give business the stability and certainty it demands. All that said, Mrs. May’s conclusion was clear and unqualified: Britain was leaving the EU. The prime minister would prefer that to be the outcome of a mutually beneficial deal on continued free trade. If such a deal proved unavailable, however, Britain would still leave because “no deal . . . is better than a bad deal. ” If this strategy proposes a harder road than business wants, at least initially, it is also the only road that leads to the recovery of the   democracy that the Brits voted for when they voted to leave the EU. All the talk of “hard” and “soft” Brexits has obscured, as those who coined the terms perhaps intended, exactly what leaving the EU entails. To grasp that, consider what the EU consists of. Its three main economic pillars are the customs union, the single market, and the supremacy of EU law. Being in the single market means being subject to EU law and regulation. EU leaders, including Angela Merkel, have all insisted repeatedly that   membership absolutely requires the free movement of labor throughout Europe and therefore precludes a return of border control to London. And membership in the EU customs union means that a   cannot negotiate   deals with other countries  —   a provision that would negate one of the UK’s most important gains from Brexit, namely, potential   deals with the U. S. Australia, Canada, etc. If Britain wants to benefit fully from the single market, which eliminates all tariff and most   barriers as well as customs controls, it will have to abide by most European laws, including the free movement of people from other EU countries and a huge clutch of   regulations that are ultimately enforced by the European Court. That is what countries like Norway and Switzerland, which are outside the EU but largely inside the single market, have to do they also pay into the EU budget. In other words, one cannot stay within the single market and the customs union under EU law and leave the EU. It’s logical nonsense. Under these conditions Brexit would mean Remain. And those Remainers who argue that, in voting for Brexit, Britons didn’t vote for leaving the single market quite literally don’t know what they’re talking about, just as six months ago they apparently didn’t know what they were voting about. Nor can one square the circle by removing the word “fully” from The Economist quote above. Of course, it would be nice if Britain could strike a deal to get Britain freer trade with the EU without these other encumbrances. Both Theresa May and the “soft Brexiteers” are proposing just that. One or another might succeed or not. Paradoxically, however, it looks easier to achieve this result by her proposal of an external     deal than by their attempt to overhaul entrenched internal EU rules and institutions one more time. Despite these discouraging omens, some Leavers support a version of “soft Brexit” because they see it as the first step on a gradual road to full Brexit with no disruptions. This is another nice idea, but it’s fatally politically naïve. Brexit is the great political divide of British politics for the next few decades. It will have an impact on British policy far beyond economics and business. Opposition to it from powerful interests remains strong, if divided and temporarily ineffectual. It has taken long and dedicated resistance to EU supremacy from (largely conservative) democratic patriots to get to the EU exit door. Accepting anything less than Brexit now risks taking the steam out of their campaign and sedating public opinion with the idea that a modest reform (e. g. the return of control over fisheries policy) gives us all we want. And what reason exists for doing so when Brexit is within grasp, backed by the voters, embraced by the governing party, and led by a popular prime minister who has shown unexpected determination and eloquence in making the case for it? There are many other matters germane to the question of whether to seize or delay the opportunity of Brexit: Deciding to leave the EU is not an attack on it, as some criticisms from Brussels apparently imply, and provides no justification for “punishment” or retaliation EU leaders as unimpeachably “European” as Jacques Delors and Valéry Giscard d’Estaing have in the past argued that Britain and Europe would both benefit from an amicable separation the Brits would not be constantly obstructing the advance of the   express with their inveterate opposition to federalist schemes they don’t want to be part of, such as a European Army fears expressed by British business that a tariff barrier of about 4 percent would put them at a major disadvantage sound suspiciously   and don’t seem to be supported by small businesses or actual entrepreneurs like Sir James Dyson leaving the single market would mean the opportunity to reduce regulations, generally agreed to be excessive, on business and so would represent a gain for most small or local UK companies and more than 100 countries from Australia to Zambia seem to have little difficulty in leaping over the EU barriers that so alarm the UK’s business bureaucrats. But the central choice is a very simple one: It’s now or never. ",National Review,2017-01-19,2017-01,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
83,"One of Britain’s most influential historians and leading ‘Remain’ celebrity, Niall Ferguson, has performed a major   in his stated position on Britain’s membership of the European Union, telling his fans his opposition to the Brexit vote was a “mistake”. [Reflecting on his decision to support then Prime Minister David Cameron and his then Chancellor George Osborne, Mr. Ferguson told the Milken Institute Global conference he was “wrong” to back the Remain campaign, adding: “I’ve had an awakening”.  ”I admit that I was wrong” about #Brexit, says @nfergus.  Now it is a divorce and we’re negotiating how much #UK will have to pay #MIGlobal,  —   Milken Institute (@MilkenInstitute) December 6, 2016,  Mr. Ferguson, whose   works include Civilization, Empire, and Kissinger: The Idealist, took to his Twitter account after the event in London to underscore his point. European Union failures, according to him, include: “1 Monetary union 2 Foreign policy (MENA, Ukraine) 3 Migration policy 4 Radical Islam policy”. EU failures: 1 Monetary union 2 Foreign policy (MENA, Ukraine) 3 Migration policy 4 Radical Islam policy. EU deserved Brexit.   https:  .   —   Niall Ferguson (@nfergus) December 6, 2016,  “EU deserved Brexit,” he added, before going on to admit: “My mistake was uncritically defending Cameron and Osborne instead of listening to people in pubs. Issue was not GDP but future migration”. My mistake was uncritically defending Cameron and Osborne instead of listening to people in pubs. Issue was not GDP but future migration.   https:  .   —   Niall Ferguson (@nfergus) December 6, 2016,  And he took aim at the former Prime Minister for failing to fight in Britain’s national interest, returning from Brussels with a “risible offer” in Mr. Ferguson’s words: Mistake was not referendum but acceptance of EU’s risible offer on migrant benefits. Cameron should have rejected and backed Brexit. Me too. https:  .   —   Niall Ferguson (@nfergus) December 6, 2016,  In his defence, Mr. Ferguson tweeted links suggesting he is not usually one to back globalist causes like the EU. In 2011, as he links to today, he wrote an article for the Wall Street Journal where he predicted a forced ‘United States of Europe’ with significant economic and political fractures. This, he argued at the time, would be in place by 2021. And he predicted at the time that Britain would leave the European Union and become a major power again free of Brussels diktats. But Mr. Ferguson’s attempts to row back his Brexit antipathy is perhaps more indicative of a man who is concerned about being irrelevant in a   world. In his 2011 article he hailed former Polish Foreign Minister Radoslaw Sikorski, one of the most alarmist   characters around who was roundly dismissed by Poland’s population at the country’s last general election. His Civic Platform party was turfed out by the Law and Justice party formed of populists and nationalists. Mr. Sikorski recently authored a hysterical report for the Atlantic Council which claimed Brexit was won due to Kremlin support. And Mr. Ferguson has also mellowed on his angry protestations against a potential President Trump before the U. S. election, perhaps fearing irrelevance in a   world. Writing in the Boston Globe this week, Mr. Ferguson adopts a far more diplomatic tone towards the Trump administration than his work for the same outlet just two months ago when he wrote: The most shocking aspect of the Trump campaign is not the revelation that he is a serial sexual harasser, but rather the revelation that he is the dupe, if not the pawn, of President Vladimir Putin of Russia. Speaking to Bloomberg in October he said the presidential race was over for Mr. Trump, claiming he had “lost three out of three debates” and had “alienated independent voters”. “I think it’s over,” he said, before adding: “I think the 12 per cent probability he had now looks optimistic”. Despite numerous establishment media reports into “Bregret” or Brexit regret, none of the outlets promoting the idea that people thought they erroneously voted to leave  —   the BBC, the Economist, etc.  —   have reported Mr. Ferguson’s recantation.",Breitbart,2016-12-06,2016-12,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
84,"High up in the   edifice that forms the front of the Gare du Nord in Paris, Eurostar has found a new, grand perch. The   train service has a startling upgrade in store for its business travellers, the latest gambit to bolster a company that is right in the frontline of Brexit. Last week it unveiled a lounge designed to feel more like an elegant Parisian flat, all high ceilings and marble fireplaces, sofas and wide tables. A kitchen stocked with a buffet curated by the   chef Raymond Blanc is also promised later this year. Beyond lies a cocktail room, whose centrepiece is a sunken circular bar. It will serve an Angélique, which, Blanc advises, is the only drink that actually wards off a crise de foie and aids digestion. And of course there are plenty of places to work, if you get that far. Investment at Eurostar is pressing ahead, even if the rail operator could be forgiven for feeling uneasy about running trains on the one fixed link between Britain and Europe. The referendum came in an already difficult year for Eurostar, with bookings dropping away after terrorist attacks in Paris and Brussels. Strikes in the summer and the axing of 80 jobs followed: the company said that June’s vote had created uncertainty, and its ticket sales dipped again. What chance, then, with actual Brexit? Eurostar’s chief executive, Nicolas Petrovic, is smoothly upbeat: “I’m an optimist. ” €1bn has been spent over the past three years, mostly on a fleet of new trains, more than half of which are now in service. “Brexit or no Brexit, the traffic is only going to grow,” he says. “The economies of London, Paris and Brussels are more integrated than they have ever been. ” However, Petrovic has said in the past that he sees no upside to Brexit. Eurostar, 55% owned by the French national rail operator SNCF, says it benefited greatly from the EU establishing common standards for aspects of its business, from train operation to employment. Possible headaches lie ahead in recruiting and retaining its diverse, international staff. Analysts are uncertain about the effects of Brexit. Gerald Khoo, of stockbroker Liberum Capital, says there could be upsides and downsides: “Fewer MEPs and civil servants going to Brussels  —   but if UK companies really do pivot towards Paris, that could also be a boost. ” A weak pound cuts both ways for a   business, but Eurostar’s leisure travellers are still mostly Brits, who will need to shell out more. Indeed, concerns exist in the minds of travellers. One Eurostar passenger, a   French designer called Hiba, travels regularly between London and Paris for work and to see family, but says she is thinking of moving back to France. “It’s been fine, but now there are these silly questions, I’m wondering if it’s all going to be complicated. ” Etienne Koehler, a frequent traveller who works for Banque de France, has already relocated back to Paris after 10 years in London. “Better get ahead of the mood, I thought  —   there is already less opportunity in the UK. ” He thinks “without doubt” there will be fewer travellers between the cities in future, although he’s enamoured of the new lounge. “Sometimes it’s nice to be chouchouté [pampered]. ” Jonathan Warburton, a   banker for a French bank, who takes the Eurostar every other week, thinks Brexit won’t affect his travel unduly. “The bank might shift about 5% of its staff over, but London’s the hub, and where the talent is. ” News of a new Paris lounge is a bonus, he says: the old one has been “a bit of a bunfight  —   these strange swivel chairs facing each other”. Mainly though, Warburton values the train’s convenience. For all that its occasional disruptions make headlines, he says delays are far shorter and rarer than when he flies. He is not alone: the number of London to Paris flights is in decline, even at the financial district’s neighbouring airport, London City. Petrovic, meanwhile, points to growing ties between France and Britain in the energy, tech and fashion sectors as reasons to be confident. Even Blanc, who admits to “a moment of deep pain” when he heard the Brexit vote, vows: “Regardless, we’ll carry on. ”",Guardian,2017-02-04,2017-02,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
85,"The biggest donor to the Brexit campaign has called on Theresa May to unilaterally guarantee the rights of millions of EU nationals already in Britain. Peter Hargreaves, the billionaire who donated £3. 2m to the Leave. EU campaign, said that the prime minister should reassure the three million EU nationals already in the UK that their current rights would be maintained. Hargreaves, who is now retired after founding the Hargreaves Lansdown financial services company, said he understood the reluctance to guarantee the rights of EU nationals before the delicate negotiations over Brexit. However, he said, May should simply “make the gesture” and not wait until Brussels agreed to do the same for UK nationals living in EU states. “People who are doing great jobs in this country are feeling insecure and I think it would be really good for those people to have the comfort that we are not going to boot them out in 18 months’ time,” he told the Observer. “I just think we should make the gesture, full stop. I don’t think there should be a quid pro quo, I just think we should make the gesture. They would look pretty churlish if they didn’t [reciprocate by guaranteeing the status of UK nationals in the EU]. ” His intervention comes after a week in which Brussels officials expressed concern over reaching a deal on the status of EU nationals in the UK. Brussels is insisting that they are allowed to keep all their rights, including access to healthcare and the right to bring a spouse to the UK. It coincides with concern among some senior Brexit backers over May’s approach to immigration after Brexit. Simon Wolfson, the Tory peer and Next boss who donated £50, 000 to Vote Leave, warned that May must not send the signal that Britain will “pull up the drawbridge” after Brexit. Meanwhile, Paul Marshall, the hedge fund manager who gave £100, 000 to Vote Leave, urged May to remove foreign students from official immigration figures. She has refused to back the idea, despite pleas from Conservative MPs and universities. Hargreaves said he was happy to see EU nationals already here maintain their current rights. “Most of those are in work and adding to our economy,” he said. “We are going to be very selective about who we let in in the future, but I think there should have been that comfort given, because they came under different circumstances. ” Wolfson told the recent Prosperity UK conference on Brexit that foreign workers needed to be seen as “an asset to our economy”. He criticised any attempt to impose “arbitrary numbers” on the number of migrants the UK should accept each year. May has suggested she still wants a reduction of net migration to the “tens of thousands”. Wolfson said: “While it is important and essential that Britain controls who comes into this country, and it is important that we have the services and infrastructure to deal with an increase in numbers   …     it is vital that we do not pull up the drawbridge. “We are in a period of record immigration and we have the lowest levels of unemployment on record since the war. If we are too draconian on immigration, it will have two adverse effects on our economy. The first is it will undermine all of our quality of life and undermine growth, and the second is it will send the worst of all possible signals to the rest of the world. “The most important thing to come out of Brexit is sending a very clear message to the rest of the world  —   that Britain is an open country, a free trading country, one that embraces the rest of the world and does not reject it. ” Marshall said that the government should stop counting foreign students in migration figures, arguing that universities “must lie at the heart of any strategy for creating a prosperous   economy”. “It is essential that we continue to encourage the free flow of international students and research and it is a   to take students out of the migration numbers,” he said. “Polling of Brexit voters even shows strong support for this change. People in the north and Midlands fully understand the logic of supporting the university sector. They are simply not worried about student migration. ”",Guardian,2017-05-07,2017-05,0,1,0,1,0,0,1,0,0
86,"Jackson, Mississippi  —   UK Independence Party leader Nigel Farage addressed a 10, 000+ strong crowd at the Coliseum in Jackson, Mississippi, telling them to “put on their walking boots” and urging them to form their own “People’s Army” to defeat the U. S. political establishment. [Mr. Farage  —   who led his party (UKIP) to victory in the 2014 European Parliamentary elections, to a whopping 4m votes in the 2015 UK general election, and mostly importantly, to Britain voting to leave the European Union in 2016  —   has used the “People’s Army” moniker to describe his party’s supporters for years.   Introduced by Republican Party presidential candidate Donald Trump, he told the crowd that UKIP and Brexit campaigners had defeated the UK political establishment including the big banks, the corporations, the political classes, the pollsters, and the “liberal elite” by talking to people about controlling their country, their borders, and having   for themselves. He hit out at U. S. President Barack Obama, who visited Britain during the campaign and threatened to send the country “to the back of the queue” for a trade deal with the United States if Britain voted for Brexit. Mr Brexit meets Mr Brexit pic. twitter.   —   Raheem Kassam (@RaheemKassam) August 24, 2016,  Mr. Farage has previously called Mr. Obama “despicable” and said he refused to repeat his behaviour by telling Americans how to vote. But echoing his words from an earlier interview with Breitbart London, Mr. Farage said: “I wouldn’t vote for Hillary Clinton if you paid me. In fact, I wouldn’t vote for Hillary Clinton if she paid me!” The crowd, massively receptive to Mr. Farage’s comments, cheered repeatedly when he mentioned how they too could defeat the political status quo. Breitbart London understands that Mr. Farage met Mr. Trump at a fundraising dinner earlier in the evening, where they discussed Brexit and how Mr. Farage led Britain out of the European Union. And Mr. Farage mentioned “Project Fear”  —   the tactic used by the establishment to threaten Britons with economic collapse, with depression, and even with war if Britain left the EU. Former Prime Minister David Cameron’s name prompted boos from the crowd in Jackson. Mr. Trump hailed Mr. Farage as the man behind the Brexit campaign, stating after his speech, “What a job he did  …     against all odds”. UPDATE  —   Editor’s Note: Farage’s speech has caught the attention of the Huffington Post, which set its home page lead to a picture of him and Trump with the headline “Bannon’s Bigots”  —   a reference to Stephen K. Bannon, the temporarily departed Executive Chairman of Breitbart News who currently serves as CEO to the Trump campaign. The story linked to the headline does not mention Bannon he must really be in their heads over there!",Breitbart,2016-08-24,2016-08,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
87,"When British voters go to the polls on Thursday to decide whether the United Kingdom should remain in the European Union, a lot of people on this side of the Atlantic will be watching as well. U. S. companies with large operations in the U. K. such as Cisco, JPMorgan Chase, Ford and General Electric, have already spoken out against ”Brexit,” even hinting that it could force them to lay off workers. JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon generated headlines recently when he told employees at his company’s Bournemouth, England, offices that the bank served a lot of its European clients from its British offices. ”After a Brexit we cannot do it all here and we will have to start planning for that. I don’t know if it means a thousand jobs, 2, 000 jobs. It could be as many as 4, 000,” he said. Many U. S. companies have long used Great Britain as a kind of gateway to Europe, lured by the common language and its relative friendliness toward business. The giant food company Mars has a dozen manufacturing plants in the U. K. turning out candy and other products for sale throughout Europe. ”It’s really a country that has been of tremendous importance, and it’s really very critical for the history of Mars,” Matthias Berninger, vice president of public affairs, said in an interview with NPR. Because of the U. K.’s membership in the EU, Mars can freely sell its products throughout Europe and transfer employees without worrying about visas. It also gets to deal with a single set of labor and product safety standards. ”If you think about formulations of products, the food safety standards, the production norms for factories  —   there is a ton of benefits from having the same standards across the whole European Union,” Berninger said. If the U. K. goes its own way, the current rules could be swept aside, leaving a huge amount of uncertainty about manufacturing, exports and distribution. ”It is very difficult to predict what a Brexit would do to our factory network, but we know it’s going to be much more complicated. There’s clearly no upside in the Brexit for manufacturing in the U. K.,” Berninger adds. ”I think the big issue for American companies is the uncertainty that would come after a Brexit vote, because it’s unclear what that world would look like,” said Dartmouth economist David Blanchflower, a former member of the Bank of England’s Monetary Policy Committee. U. S. Commerce Secretary Penny Pritzker agreed. ”If there was a decision to leave, then there would have to be a renegotiation of all the various agreements that exist today,” she told NPR. ”That will create incredible uncertainty that could have a ripple effect.” It’s not just big companies that will be affected, says Emanuel Adam, head of policy and trade at BritishAmerican business, a coalition of companies of both sides of the Atlantic. The firm recently surveyed its members and found overwhelming opposition to Brexit. Small companies that are trying to break into the European market can now work out of the U. K. knowing that they have to go through a single approval process. Brexit would change that, Adam said. ”This would add another process, which for a small company can be crucial in terms of what they’re able to do,” he said. One potential pitfall for American companies would be Brexit’s effect on currency rates. A decline in the value of the pound would make manufacturing cheaper in the U. K. but would also cut into revenue that companies make there. Either way, the expected turmoil would be more trouble than it’s worth. ”What’s important for us as a business is stability, particularly stability in trade, and that’s important because that allows us to build a strong business in the U. K. for the over 14, 000 folks that are part of the Ford team there. And that’s why our position has been that it’s beneficial for the U. K. to be part of a single market,” said Robert Shanks, chief financial officer at Ford, during an April conference call with analysts. Whether comments like these will have any impact on Thursday’s vote is anyone’s guess. Leave. EU, the main U. K. group supporting Brexit, did not return messages seeking comment. But the group has bristled at the idea of foreign companies interfering in U. K. politics. When Dimon hinted that JPMorgan Chase might lay off workers if Brexit passes, the group issued a scathing press release noting that the bank had already been ”laying off thousands of people in London.” It also recounted the bank’s many legal and regulatory problems. ”These are the sorts of people [the   campaign] is turning to for moral support and financial backing,” it said. ”Who next? Bernie Madoff?”",NPR,2016-06-21,2016-06,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
88," Britain’s finance industry has given up on efforts to keep full access to the European Union after Brexit and is pushing instead for a more limited trade deal that would potentially exclude some financial products. Banks, insurers and asset managers have come to the conclusion there is no realistic chance of maintaining full passporting rights after Brexit that would allow them to sell all their services across the   bloc from Britain. TheCityUK, the country’ most powerful financial lobby group,  has listed 17 points in a   document published on Thursday that calls for limited market access for some finance sectors based on a pact in which Britain and the EU would accept each other’s rules. This would keep the door open for   trading of stocks and bonds, and sales of certain other products. The future of London as Europe’s financial center is one of the biggest issues in Brexit talks because it is Britain’s largest export sector and biggest source of corporate tax revenue. There have been estimates that Britain’s finance industry could lose up to 38 billion pounds ($46. 07 billion) in revenue in a   ”hard Brexit” that would restrict its access to the EU single market. TheCityUK proposals mark a shift away from calls for full passporting rights to be maintained for the finance industry after Brexit. ”I am confident that this represents in broad shape the key priorities for the industry,” TheCityUK Chief Executive Officer Miles Celic told Reuters.      ”There are a multiple number of documents out there of stuff at significant length. So there was a sense among our membership to filter down what the key asks were into a single place.” By pushing for a bespoke deal there is a risk that some financial sectors may be excluded from any final settlement. With some bankers expecting no market access for some retail financial products. But TheCityUK document is the first attempt to condense the industry’s priorities after months of conflicting lobbying, and comes just two months before Britain plans EU divorce talks. Until now, finance organizations have clashed over who should be leading efforts to lobby the government and what their Brexit response should be. After the June vote, business leaders begged for Britain to stay inside the single market, for example, by having a   deal that would provide full access to Europe’s markets.      But EU leaders have repeatedly warned that single market access is defined by the bloc’s four freedoms  —   free movement of goods, capital, services and people  —   and that they cannot be unpicked.     Prime Minister Theresa May said on Sunday she was not interested in Britain keeping ”bits” of its EU membership, seen by some as a signal that Britain will leave the single market when it leaves the European Union. Britain should seek ”access to the widest possible range of financial and related professional products and services,” the TheCityUK document says, implying some sectors may lose access under any final deal.  TheCityUK proposals call for ”clear and upfront transitional arrangements” to bridge the gap between leaving the EU and the start of a bespoke deal, though they do not specify a timeframe. Three top financiers, HSBC Chairman Douglas Flint ( ) London Stock Exchange CEO Xavier Rolet ( ) and Allianz Global Investors Vice Chair Elizabeth Corley ( ) called on Tuesday for transitional arrangements to last two to three years after Brexit. Trade experts have warned that a bespoke trade deal could take far longer. Brexit supporters want a quick break with the bloc. TheCityUK document favors a deal that would build on and go beyond existing   equivalence regimes, whereby UK financial firms could continue to serve European customers if they complied with rules the EU deems to be equal. It said that for all products, a mutual recognition arrangement is needed, along with a framework for ”recognizing and enforcing judgments from UK jurisdictions in the EU and vice versa.” This refers to the derivatives sector, where currently  swaps contracts negotiated between firms in all EU countries rely on UK court rulings to resolve disputes. TheCityUK document also highlights some positive effects of leaving the EU, in a marked shift from the finance industry’s   view that staying an EU member would be the preferred option. ”There will be opportunities arising from Brexit, including from new networks of trade and investment agreements, the creation of   central bank liquidity facilities and FinTech,” the document said.  (Editing by Jane Merriman) HONG KONG FTSE Russell is likely to restrict the inclusion of companies with unequal voting rights in some of its equity indexes, to address investor concerns over falling corporate governance standards, the CEO of the world’s largest index company said. TOKYO Japan’s central bank will cut its inflation forecasts but hold off expanding stimulus this month, people familiar with the matter say, in another sign the bank is retreating from Governor Haruhiko Kuroda’s initial pledge to do whatever it takes to achieve his ambitious inflation target. ",Reuters,2017-01-12,2017-01,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
89,"               Nine months after its dramatic referendum, Britain is finally demanding formal negotiations on exiting the European Union. Much has changed in the interim. At the time of the June vote, the cohesion of the West appeared to be in jeopardy; Britain seemed doomed to political instability; and the economy seemed at risk of a Lehman   convulsion. Today, in contrast, Brexit feels about as electrifying as reading the telecoms annex in the WTO treaty. And yet, on the other hand, this change is deceptive. Anticlimax should not be mistaken for a permanent dodging of the populist bullet.  Where the United States is led by a flamboyant caudillo, a populist perhaps more in style than in his consequences, Britain is experiencing the reverse phenomenon. Theresa May, the   prime minister, is earnest, methodical, cautious and unimaginative: She is the  . But the referendum mandate, hardened by her ploddingly literal interpretation of it, is populism undiluted. Britain will take back control of its borders in order, presumably, to clamp down on foreigners. It will largely reject the authority of the European Court of Justice, even though some form of   dispute settlement is an inevitable feature of an interdependent world. It will probably leave the European Single Market, one of the deepest and most successful experiments in globalization. If the shock factor has worn off since last summer’s referendum, that is partly because May has masked Britain’s radical direction with her soporific style. When Germany signals a tough approach in the forthcoming Brexit talks, or when members of the European Parliament accuse the Brexit camp of lying, there is no indignant counterpunch from May or her lieutenants. Michel Barnier, the European Union’s Brexit negotiator, recently went so far as to threaten Britain with disrupted air traffic, chaotic ports and suspended delivery of nuclear materials. The prime minister’s office barely responded. During last year’s campaign, Brexit campaigners promised millions in savings on contributions to the E. U. budget. Inverting that premise, the E. U. recently demanded that Britain agree to a stiff “exit bill” before other negotiations start. The bill would reflect E. U. spending projects to which Britain previously committed, plus pension promises to E. U. bureaucrats; the amount remains unknown, but the most frequently cited estimate is about $60 billion  —   roughly what Britain spends annually on defense. Even this extraordinary price tag has failed to ruffle the prime minister as she has trundled serenely toward this week’s announcement.  Leaving the European Union after more than four decades involves excruciating  . But, rather than confront these, May’s government offers anesthetic waffle. How might the British economy function without millions of E. U. workers? David Davis, the Brexit minister, explained this week that “from time to time we’ll need more, from time to time we’ll need less migrants,” adding that “you’ve got industry dependent on migrants. You’ve got social welfare, the National Health Service  —   you have to make sure they continue to work. ” But if Britain really means to remain open, why sacrifice Single Market membership on the altar of border control? The same obfuscation applies to the deep questions concerning Britain’s internal cohesion. May’s government simultaneously promises a rigorously hard border with Europe and a friendly soft border between Northern Ireland and the Republic of Ireland; this is a bit like walling off Mexico while furnishing comfortable tunnel facilities between Ciudad Juarez and El Paso. Meanwhile, May is stalling Scotland’s loud demands for another independence referendum. But the Scots, who voted to remain in the European Union, will not be reconciled to Brexit if they are denied a say in whether it applies to them. May’s tactic of prevarication has been assisted by several lucky breaks. A surprise recovery in the world economy has concealed the economic cost of Brexit; for the moment, British industry benefits from the   collapse in the exchange rate but has yet to pay the price of lost Single Market access. President Trump’s election has given   something bigger to worry about: If the West’s cohesion is indeed unraveling, the chief culprit is in Washington. And May is in the extraordinary position of not facing a coherent domestic opponent. The Labour Party is under the sway of     Jeremy Corbyn.      (The Washington Post)   But, with this week’s initiation of the Brexit talks, May will face a harder time.   that could be pushed aside, on the argument that they were matters for future negotiation, will come more clearly into focus. The foolish bravado of the Brexiteers, who assured voters that negotiating with 27 other countries would be a simple challenge, will be relentlessly exposed. British businesses, which for the past nine months have been implementing earlier investment commitments, will freeze plans for new expansion. The moment of truth for British populism has come a bit nearer.   Read more:   Anne Applebaum: If May embraces Trump, her ‘global Britain’ is doomed   Sebastian Mallaby: Trump says Europe is in trouble. He has a point.   E. J. Dionne Jr.: Learning from Britain’s unnecessary crisis      ",Washington Post,2017-03-28,2017-03,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
90,"London (CNN) UK Prime Minister Theresa May, clinging on in Downing Street, will appeal for the support of her members of parliament (MPs) Monday, after losing the Conservatives a cherished government majority in last week’s election.  Many MPs are angry over what they see as an unnecessary vote that has cost several lawmakers their seats and are demanding she run a more open, collegiate government after her first months of a dictatorial regime.  With her government majority at zero, May has no control over Parliament a week away from the Queen’s Speech, when new laws are presented, and the scheduled start of Brexit talks.  Her only chance of an overall working majority is with the Democratic Unionist Party (DUP) a fringe political party in Northern Ireland, which is demanding a package of measures on finance in return for support in Parliament. At one of its most important moments in its history, the country is rudderless and facing a constitutional crisis. In throwing away her majority on an early election, May has lost control of the Conservative Party, Parliament, her policy manifesto and Brexit.  5 reasons Theresa May’s troubles have just begun, The clock is ticking, On June 19,  the Queen, in traditional state coach and full regalia, will travel from Buckingham Palace to Parliament to unveil the new government’s legislative agenda.  On that same day, UK and EU officials in Brussels are due to start negotiations on Britain’s exit from Europe. May should be able to use these two   events to shape the country’s future. Yet she no longer wields power over either. It is even unclear whether May will be Prime Minister by this time next week.  The threat of a leadership challenge from inside her own party hangs over her head    a threat vividly underlined Sunday when her former    George Osborne labeled her a ”dead woman walking.”  So who is really in charge? Over the weekend May, who appeared visibly shaken in TV interviews, used the one power that remains in her grip    a reshuffle of the Cabinet    to try to shore up her position and win allies.  But even in this her lack of authority prevented her from major moves or sackings. The most senior ministers stayed in post, while May was forced to bring back into the Cabinet one of her   political foes, Michael Gove, to appease an angry Conservative Party. MPs and ministers also feel they were treated disdainfully by May’s two chiefs of staff, Fiona Hill and Nick Timothy, who resigned over the weekend as the PM tried to make concessions.  If the PM fails to give a convincing performance to the backbench Conservative MPs on Monday, known collectively as the 1922 committee, she could face a leadership challenge within days. Michael Fallon, the Defense Secretary who, for now, remains loyal,  served notice Sunday that the PM had to start being more consensual when he said: ”We’re going to see more collective government. I and other colleagues have made that clear to her.” An alliance, at what cost?  Talks between the government and the DUP are due to restart Tuesday after confusion over the weekend whether an outline deal had been reached, but the Northern Irish party is in the driving seat as they know they are May’s only option of forming a government. There are fears among more liberal Conservative MPs that the socially conservative DUP will demand a scaling back of abortion and gay rights    but No. 10 sources have insisted these issues are not on the table.  If May had won a majority last Thursday, she would have been converting the policy agenda in the Conservative election manifesto into laws in the Queen’s Speech. That power is now lost.  As the legislative package is being drafted this week, May is reportedly ready to axe key manifesto policies such as grammar schools and her controversial plan to reform elderly care    the measure that marked the turning point in her election campaign. Labour leader Jeremy Corbyn yesterday said his party would start drawing up its own policies for the Queen’s Speech, challenging legislation before it is even introduced, in a sign that every single vote in the new Parliament go down to the wire.    Brexit: ’Look again’ Finally, and perhaps most crucially, May has lost control over Brexit    the very reason she called an election three years early. With talks in Brussels just seven days away, it is clear that the plan for a hard Brexit, in which the UK severs all ties with the EU, including free market membership, is now in doubt.  Ministers have urged May to put forward a more ”pragmatic” vision for Brexit rather than ”ideological” one that it less virulently  . This certainly means a softer Brexit is now on the cards.  Ruth Davidson, the leader of the Conservative Party in Scotland who is credited with a surprise win of 13 seats for the party there, said yesterday that the PM needed to ”look again” at Brexit.  Davidson and the 13 Scottish Conservative MPs are travelling to Westminster Monday to underline their significance: without these seats May would have no chance of forming a government with anyone. But   Tory MPs will not let go of a hard Brexit without a fight: they are furious at any moves to water down something they see as the will of the British people. With May’s dwindling authority over her party, Parliament, her manifesto and Brexit, it is no wonder that last night she failed to confirm whether she planned to serve a full term in office, telling Sky News: ”I said during the election campaign that if   I would intend to serve a full term. ”But what I’m doing now is actually getting on with the immediate job.” The question is, for how long.",CNN,2017-06-12,2017-06,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
91,"Today the United Kingdom formally told the European Union it is leaving, after decades of membership in the   political alliance and trading bloc. The move triggers an estimated   divorce process that will involve many months of tough negotiations and will launch Britain on a new, uncertain path. Addressing the House of Commons in London, Prime Minister Theresa May said Brexit is an opportunity for her country to chart a new course, unencumbered by the bureaucracy of the multilateral organization based in Brussels. ”This is an historic moment from which there can be no turning back,” said May. ”We’re going to make our own decisions and our own laws. We’re going to take control of the things that matter most to us.” Britain’s feisty press captured the ambivalence of the U. K. people, who voted 52 percent to 48 percent last June to quit the EU. ”Freedom!” crowed the Daily Mail, the conservative tabloid. The   Guardian ran a map of Western Europe as a jigsaw puzzle with the pieces of the U. K. taken out. In the empty white space that remained were the words: ”Today, Britain steps into the unknown.” While May tried to strike a confident tone, many who voted to remain in the EU fear Brexit will damage the country. ”I feel rather concerned and worried about it, really,” said Linda Roberts, 68, as she waited at London’s Euston station earlier this week for a train home to the north of England. Roberts said many people voted to leave the EU because they were unhappy with the free flow of immigrants into Britain that EU membership required, and hadn’t thought through the broader implications. She worries Brexit will impose a huge opportunity cost on many young British citizens, including her own daughter. Coming from outside the EU, they are unlikely to be able to work   in European cities like Paris or Barcelona. Roberts’ daughter is in advertising, said Roberts, ”and a lot of the work is abroad. I know they say [Brexit is] opening up everything. Well, we’re already opened up to the rest of the world. Actually, we are just cutting off Europe, which I think is a big mistake.”   sentiment has strong parallels to the political climate in the United States, where President Trump has criticized the European Union, shunned multilateral trade deals and declared an ”America First” agenda. In fact, Trump was a big supporter of Brexit and called himself ”Mr. Brexit” during his presidential campaign, correctly predicting he would pull off a similar upset in November’s election. As in the U. S. immigration and rural resentment also played a role in the Brexit vote. ”There is a sense, certainly amongst the rural parts of the U. K. that they feel London and the elites running the country are part of a globalist conspiracy,” said Christoph Meyer, a professor of European and international politics at King’s College London. ”That is something you see in other countries as well, the sense that local, national identities are seen as threatened by markets and by immigration.” The British are known for understatement, but political observers here speak of Brexit in superlatives. They say it could prove transformational for the country  —   for good or ill. Although the British economy has held up well so far, British people are already poorer as the value of the British pound remains 16 percent below its high last June. ”Brexit is a weird combination of looking at the [2008] global financial crisis and knowing it is going to happen . .. blended in with a kind of Suez Crisis,” said Robin Niblett, the director of Chatham House, the London think tank. The 1956 Suez Crisis erupted when Britain and France invaded Egypt to take back the Suez Canal, only to have a far more powerful United States force them to withdraw. It was seen as a major milestone in the continuing decline of the British Empire. ”At that moment, we were suddenly discovering that we couldn’t keep empire  —   that the United States was coming up and becoming the big kid on the block,” said Niblett. ”It required a real redefinition of self  —   not just of the British government, but the British people.” Not unlike where the United Kingdom finds itself today. After Brexit, Britain will have to define itself independently and outside of the European Union, where it has enjoyed far more economic bargaining power as part of the world’s largest collective market. Niblett said Britain may choose to see itself through the lens of its national mythology  —   as a plucky island nation off the coast of Europe with global ambitions, punching above its weight. ”If it can get a good deal with the EU, then Britain can  —   in a way  —   have its cake and eat it,” said Niblett. That’s a big if. Even as it turns its back on the European Union, the U. K. wants to maintain as much access as possible to this huge single market. But with 27 nations, the EU will have far more leverage than the United Kingdom in the coming negotiations over a new trade deal. ”There is very little incentive for the current EU member states to give the U. K. a great deal,” said Meyer. ”If the U. K. was able to go home and say, ’This is a political victory,’ that would be seen as a threat to the rest of the EU because it would encourage populist movements.” There are populist movements in Europe, like Marine Le Pen’s National Front in France, that want to pull out of the EU as well. Meyer says the last thing the EU needs are populists looking at a future U. K.  trade deal and saying, ”Look, it’s not so bad.”",NPR,2017-03-29,2017-03,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
92,"LONDON  —   The government of Britain could need six more months to settle on a plan for negotiating the country’s exit from the European Union and an extra 30, 000 civil servants to deal with the complexities of the task, according to a memo of uncertain parentage leaked to The Times of London on Tuesday. The office of Prime Minister Theresa May poured cold water on the memo, denying reports that it was prepared for the government. “This unsolicited document has nothing to do with the government at all,” a spokesman said in a statement. “It was produced by an individual from an external accountancy firm. It has no authority, and we don’t recognize any of the claims it makes. ” Chris Grayling, secretary of state for transport, told BBC Radio on Tuesday, “It’s certainly not a government report. ” As for Britain’s departure from the union, known as Brexit, he said, “It’s a complex process, albeit with some simple objectives. ” The British press, already fluttery over the complications of leaving the European Union and the uncertainties of a trade deal with a President Donald J. Trump who, as a candidate, expressed opposition to free trade, seized on the memo, which The Times said was drafted on Nov. 7 by a “consultant” working for the Cabinet Office, a government department that supports the prime minister. According to The Guardian, the memo was “understood” to have been written by a consultant at Deloitte and was unsolicited by the government. “This was a note intended primarily for internal audiences,” said Mark Smith, a spokesman for Deloitte, confirming the Guardian report. “It was not commissioned by the Cabinet Office, nor any other government department, and represents a view of the task facing Whitehall,” he added, referring to the central government administration. “This work was conducted without access to No. 10 or input from any other government departments. ” But the memo to a large extent said what is widely understood: The government has not yet finished its internal debate on what kind of relationship it wants with the European Union, nor has it set its priorities for any negotiation and the cabinet remains divided between those favoring as clean a break with Brussels as possible and those who want to preserve   access to the huge European market. That negotiation would not begin in any case until Britain invokes Article 50 of the Lisbon Treaty, which sets a   limit for talks with the other 27 member states about Britain’s exit. A ruling by the High Court, which is being appealed by the government, said Parliament must have a debate and vote on invoking Article 50, which is not solely in the jurisdiction of the British cabinet. While the memo spoke of six months before the government could agree on a negotiating strategy, Mrs. May has said she intends to invoke the article by the end of March. She has said little specifically about what she favors, other than a deal that allows immigration controls as well as access to the European single market, which many European officials regard, at least for now, as incompatible. For now, as the memo suggested, she is trying to keep her Conservative Party together to avoid early elections. The memo also pointed to Britain’s   need for more trade negotiators and lawyers to work through that future relationship. Having been a member of the European Union for more than 40 years, Britain had no need for trade negotiators and clearly needs to hire more, and quickly any deal will be legally intricate. Given budget cuts and computerization, today’s Civil Service is reported to be the smallest since World War II, at 400, 000. The memo’s figure of 30, 000 extra civil servants seemed high, however, given that the entire staff of the European Commission  —   Brussels’ supposedly mighty bureaucracy  —   is 33, 000, according to official figures. David Archer, who is recruiting lawyers and trade negotiators to suggest to the government, said 10 percent of the résumés he is now receiving are of “good quality,” with required experience. The number of civil servants is down 20 percent since 2010, Mr. Archer said, and many civil servants are unhappy with Brexit. “Morale is awful and rock bottom,” he said. Mr. Archer, director of the executive search firm Circle Square, said that the government was training civil servants internally, and looking to law firms, former ambassadors and former trade negotiators. “It’s a problem, since we haven’t negotiated at an international level since 1973,” he said. There are about 600 trade negotiators worldwide, Mr. Archer said, including 40 currently in London. Robert Bourns, the president of the Law Society, said the government was doing its best at recruiting for Brexit, but with only a few months before Article 50 is invoked, “this is an enormous task. ” Much of current British law has been developed in Europe, Mr. Bourns said. He added that the government recognized that the number of lawyers capable of drafting legislation had been reduced over time, and needed to be increased. Mr. Grayling, a prominent Brexit supporter, said the government has “people in my department and in other departments working with the Brexit department,” adding, “I don’t know what 30, 000 extra people would do. ” According to the memo, various government departments are working on more than 500 projects related to Brexit, which is more than they can handle. It also repeated widespread reporting about Mrs. May’s management style, which is secretive. It said her tendency of “drawing in decisions and details to settle matters herself” or with a small circle of aides would prove unsustainable. “It may be six months before there is a view on   strategy as the political situation in the U. K. and the E. U. evolves,” said the document, titled “Brexit Update. ” Members of Parliament who favor a quick Brexit attacked the memo as intended to harm their case. John Redwood, a prominent Conservative who supports Brexit, said: “It’s complete nonsense. You don’t need consultants who are against Brexit and trying to undermine it. They are not speaking for the government, and I’m very glad they are not. Brexit can be much quicker, better and cheaper than they think. ” Another   legislator, Steve Baker, said: “This gloomy memo carries all the hallmarks of the campaign we know is in progress to defy the will of the British people. ”",New York Times,2016-12-16,2016-12,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
93,"Jeremy Corbyn is facing a serious revolt by grassroots Labour supporters who backed him to be leader as the party’s crisis over Brexit escalates rapidly. With more members of Corbyn’s frontbench considering resigning  —   shadow Welsh secretary Jo Stevens became the first to quit the shadow cabinet on Friday  —   the rebellion is now spreading among local party members, who are furious at his support for Theresa May’s plans for triggering the article 50 process. On Saturday night a highly critical open letter to the Labour leader, circulating on Facebook, had been signed by almost 2, 000 members in constituency parties across the country, around half of whom are believed to have voted for Corbyn as leader. The letter, organised by a group called Labour Against Brexit, accuses Corbyn of a “betrayal of your socialist values” and of backing a policy that will hurt working people. One of the organisers, Jonathan Proctor of the North Tyneside constituency Labour party, told the Observer that the motive was not to destabilise Corbyn, but to stand up for Labour principles and values. He said the response from members since its launch on Friday had been overwhelming. The letter is the first real sign of grassroots unrest against Corbyn in his own power bases in the constituency parties. It makes clear that his support had been based on a belief that he would create a more democratic party that would be true to Labour values, including supporting EU membership.  “In short, we are the grassroots that you have always been keen to represent,” it states. “All of us share core Labour values of equality and opportunity for all, and we share a belief in fighting for social justice. And while we may differ in our beliefs and feelings with regards to your leadership, we are nevertheless united in our belief that you and your leadership team have made the wrong call on the party’s policy on Brexit. ” It adds: “Additionally, many of us voted for you as our leader because of your desire to make the Labour party more democratic, with policy being set by members. At Labour party conference 2016, it was resolved that ‘Unless the final [Brexit] settlement proves to be acceptable, then the option of retaining EU membership should be retained. The final settlement should therefore be subject to approval, through parliament and potentially through a general election or referendum.’ We believe that this exemplar of democracy within the party should no longer be ignored. Let us speak with one voice, as democratically made by our members. ” Corbyn has been struggling to hold the party together after saying that Labour MPs would be subject to a   whip, instructing them to vote in favour of the parliamentary bill to trigger the Brexit process, which will be debated in the Commons for the first time on Tuesday and Wednesday. Tulip Siddiq, the MP for Hampstead and Kilburn, has left her frontbench post, and two whips, Thangam Debbonaire and Jeff Smith, have said they will not vote for the bill. Another shadow cabinet member, Rachel Maskell, is said by colleagues to be considering resigning, and Clive Lewis, regarded as close to Corbyn early in his leadership, now says he will vote against the bill at third reading unless there are a series of safeguards. Writing on his Facebook page, Lewis says these must ensure that the UK commits to having “the closest relationship to Europe and the single market as is possible, protect worker rights, have proper   mechanisms on the negotiations, and have final say over the eventual negotiated deal”. He adds: “If the government does not accept these amendments, I will vote against triggering article 50 at the third and final vote. ” In the Brexit referendum last year, an estimated 65% of Labour voters backed remaining in the European Union, but roughly   of the constituencies with Labour MPs in place voted, overall, to leave. One of the biggest votes for Brexit came in Stoke, where 69. 4% of people voted for Brexit. With Corbyn’s party facing a crucial byelection in    Central on 23 February, caused by the resignation of Tristram Hunt, and another the same day in Copeland in Cumbria, Labour MPs believe Corbyn’s decision to impose a   whip is driven in part by fear of being defeated by Ukip. The   party’s new leader, Paul Nuttall, is standing in the Stoke seat and is expected to run Labour close in one of it traditional strongholds. The official Labour line is that while it understands that many Labour MPs  —   particularly in seats that voted Remain  —   are torn over Brexit, the outcome of the referendum was clear, and the “will of the people” should not be obstructed. David Lammy, the Labour MP for Tottenham, said there was also anger with Corbyn over the decision to impose a   whip on a “timeable motion” that would cut the debate on the bill to five days. Labour members are quitting the party in droves as a result. Referring to Corbyn’s handling of the issue, he said: “It is shockingly bad politics. Everyone understands Labour voters are split down the middle over Brexit  —   north and south, middle class and working class, young and old  —   but so too are the Tories.  “By taking a side and not allowing MPs to vote with their conscience, Labour’s leadership is forcing an exodus of Remain voters and members. A hard Brexit of the type that the Tories are set on pursuing will hurt Labour supporters and people in Labour areas, so of course there is real concern among colleagues. ” A shadow cabinet member told the Observer: “This is not easy for Jeremy and I feel sorry for him. But the way it has been handled is corroding our support. It is falling away fast. ” Alex Salmond, the SNP’s international affairs and Europe spokesman, said Labour was “running scared of Ukip and failing to do its constitutional duty of holding the government to account”. He added: “The referendum happened as a result of Tory fear of Ukip, and now it is bulldozed through without proper opposition because of Labour’s fear of Ukip. ” Chris Leslie, Labour MP for Nottingham East, who will vote against the bill, said Corbyn was losing support over the issue and asked why he had not put the matter to consultation in the wider party. “There is a very noticeable change of mood among many members who joined recently to support Jeremy. It is surprising, given that he backs giving the membership a say and did so over military action in Syria, that he does not do the same over article 50. ”",Guardian,2017-01-28,2017-01,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
94," There’s plenty to worry about if the United Kingdom actually leaves the European Union. But one particularly fraught question is what will happen to the open border between Northern Ireland (part of the UK) and the Republic of Ireland (part of the EU).    If the UK wants to tightly control immigration  —   which was the entire point of Brexit  —   then it may need to restrict its border with the Republic of Ireland, which still allows unlimited migration to and from other EU countries. But doing so could have staggering implications for Northern Ireland, which is still recovering from decades of sectarian tensions and violence. And yet, incredibly, few politicians gave this issue any attention at all in the   to the Brexit vote. It’s a mess. How Brexit could make a complete hash of the Irish border Some quick background: Back in the 1920s, Ireland gained independence from the UK; the treaty creating the country allowed Northern Ireland’s parliament the option of staying in the UK, which it took. In the decades thereafter, the regions shared a porous border, with no need for citizens to show a passport as they cross:               This changed in the 1970s when the security situation worsened. To (vastly) oversimplify things, Northern Ireland is split between a Protestant majority that identifies as British and a sizable Catholic minority that identifies as Irish. Tensions boiled over with ”the Troubles,” driven in part by discrimination against Catholics and their exclusion from government, and featuring serious rioting and domestic terrorist violence. In response, the British military set up checkpoints and guard towers along the border with Ireland.    Those tensions settled down after the 1998 Good Friday Agreement, and the border is now porous again. Today, people travel freely between Ireland and Northern Ireland, signage is scarce, and it’s often tough to tell where the border even sits. The open border is a tangible sign of the end of the Troubles, and it’s a way for northern Catholics to maintain ties to the country they identify with. So now comes Brexit. One of the main arguments for leaving the EU was that Britain should be able to control its own borders. Under EU law, the UK currently has to allow unlimited migration from France, Germany, Spain, Portugal, or any other EU member. During the eurozone crisis, Britain has seen a sharp rise in immigration from less affluent countries. Lots of British people don’t like this.    By leaving, the UK could legally restrict those flows. But, of course, any migrants in the EU could all travel freely to Ireland and hop over to the UK via Northern Ireland if they wanted. So if Britain really wants control of its borders, it will have to tighten up the Irish border. The catch is that no one knows what this would entail. Peter Moloney, a visiting assistant professor of history at Boston College who studies EU governance, explains that the details will have to be negotiated between the EU and UK. But as an example, other borders between the EU and   countries involve checkpoints, traffic stops, fences, and so on. Practically speaking, that could prove difficult in Northern Ireland. The   border with the Republic of Ireland is poorly marked and often crosses existing farms and properties. Plus, there are tons of small country roads and byways throughout the region. Do they all get checkpoints? On top of that, many people live and work on both sides of the border. A recent tweetstorm by Séamas O’Reilly illustrated this well:      9. A border is bad for practical reasons; people like my sister live in Donegal and work in Derry, and thousands more vice versa. ..  —   Shocko (@shockproofbeats) June 27, 2016    Politically, things get even dicier. The 1998 Good Friday Agreement created a delicate   structure within Northern Ireland that was marked by compromise and ambiguity. The Protestants implicitly conceded that it was reasonable for Catholics to pursue closer ties with Ireland, while the Catholics implicitly conceded that formal unification with Ireland was unlikely. The free flow of people and trade enabled by the EU allowed Catholics to pursue those ties without requiring actual unification. Creating a hard border could reignite those tensions. ”If you’re setting up a border again, it brings back that ‘  ’ mentality and the echoes of confrontation, which has been broken down a lot in the past generation,” says Moloney. Even more concretely: Under the Good Friday Agreement, Northern Ireland can technically hold a referendum on whether to gain independence from the UK and unite with Ireland. So long as an open border existed, this was never a real issue; polling last year suggested that only 14 percent of Northern Irish people wanted to unify with the Republic of Ireland, with even Catholics preferring to stay in the UK. But now? ”The whole thing is uncertain,” Moloney adds. ”And it’s a totally   wound.” Fintan O’Toole put it much more bluntly in the Irish Times: ”English nationalists have placed a bomb under peace process.” And here’s Pauline McCallion in Vox: ”I live in Northern Ireland, and I’m scared Brexit will bring back the chaos of my childhood.” So what happens next?            No one really knows. The British people have voted, via referendum, to break up with the EU, but Britain still has to invoke Article 50 to formally leave. The government isn’t bound to do so, and so far it hasn’t, but it’d also be tough to defy popular will.    If Article 50 is invoked, the United Kingdom will have two years to negotiate an exit with the EU, during which time free trade and open borders between the UK and Ireland will persist. That’s when the details on the border would get hashed out. David Cameron, who is still the British prime minister until October, has said the government will ”fully involve” Northern Ireland on the exact terms of Brexit, without getting into more detail.  Enda Kenny, the prime minister of the Republic of Ireland wants to keep the border with Northern Ireland open. ”[Ireland, Northern Ireland, and Great Britain] all share the common objective of wanting to preserve the common travel area, and an open border on the island of Ireland,” he said recently. Again, though, figuring this out in practice will be incredibly tricky: If the UK border with Ireland does get closed, there are big problems for Northern Ireland. If it doesn’t get closed, then there’s an easy path for migrants within the EU to get into the UK  —   something that Brexit proponents oppose. A third option would be to institute passport controls for anyone traveling from Northern Ireland to Great Britain, though this would mean UK citizens aren’t free to travel within their own country. What’s especially surprising is that this barely got talked about before the Brexit vote took place. ”It’s one of the many things,” Moloney notes, ”that wasn’t thought through.” Further reading  Brexit: what happens when Britain leaves the EU Brexit has caused the Labour Party to descend into total omnishambles How bad will Brexit get? Here’s what top economists are saying.  ",Vox,2016-06-28,2016-06,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
95,"I can now see where Hillary gets it from. Her assault on me and the politics of Brexit after my appearance alongside Donald Trump in Jackson, Mississippi shows that the Democratic establishment just can’t face the facts. [After President Obama’s condescending approach to the UK electorate during our referendum, in which he told us that Brexit Britain “would be at the back of the queue” for any trade deal, he now appears to be in denial.  At the G20 summit in China, President Obama now tells us that we got it wrong and that we are behind the rest of the European Union in terms of trade priorities. What a way to treat your oldest and closest ally. I suspect the British public will now view him as an object of contempt. Given that Trump was clear about Brexit both during and after the campaign, I can now see this issue being a real political football between now and polling day on November 8th. Either you support the existing global elite or you want real change and believe in nation state democracy. Perhaps Obama and Clinton have done us all a favour.  MRS MAY BLINKS, Although I never wanted Theresa May to be our Prime Minister, I had been prepared to give her the benefit of the doubt. After all, she did say “Brexit means Brexit”.  But in the wake of the G20 and the continued bullying of the USA and Japan, something seems to have slipped.  The EU’s single market, so beloved by the multinationals and career political class, is now being hailed as our commercial salvation. But to be a part of it means the acceptance of free movement of people. The referendum was clear: the British people voted to leave the single market and to take back control of our borders.  Yesterday Mrs. May said that we voted for “some” control of immigration. She has blinked. The pressures from the   market camp appear to be working. The battle lines of British politics for the next couple of years are now drawn. The currently popular Prime Minister may well discover just how strongly the 17. 4 million Leave voters feel. ",Breitbart,2016-09-06,2016-09,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
96,"’  ’ ”   Britain’s vote to leave the European Union is  in the capital’s financial sector is on the way. ” ”   But staff at Barclays told Business Insider that actually they   are really positive about the future and CEO Jes Staley has done   a great job at making them feel that regardless of when Brexit   will happen, jobs and the bank’s health will be protected as much   as possible. ” ’   ”[Staley] thanked us all for our performance during Brexit,” said   one investment banking employee who attended the     town hall meeting this week. ”All our systems were up and we were   available for all our customers on the day. He also mentioned   that the event further justified the advantage of being a   transatlantic bank because despite sterling going down, Barclays’’   dollar business went suitably up.” ’ ’   ”He also mentioned how the main focus for turning profit this   year will be the sale of the   businesses, which is   completely unaffected by Brexit, so we should be in really good   stead by the end of next year. And finally, he told us how,   regardless, of what rules happen [in the event of a Brexit]   within the next two years, related to EU work visas, he said he’’d   try his best and keep everyone working here because he wants to   retain talent.” ’ ’   Another bank employee told BI that Staley highlighted the fact   that since Barclays is a transatlantic bank, it was diversified   enough to weather any downturn in one unit. For example, if the   UK investment banking arm was hit temporarily, the US arm would   buoy it up with business. ’ ’  ’ ’   And the feeling that Staley was the right man to lead the bank   through turbulent times seemed to resonate across staff. ’ ’  ’ ’  ’ ”   Uncertainty over the City of London’s role as Europe’s key   financial hub, once the UK leaves the European Union, means that   many banks are thought to be considering moving substantial   numbers of staff away from their UK operations and to elsewhere   on the continent. ” ’   Over the last week it was  a rumour that was denied. JP Morgan is   also among the banks that could send   staff   elsewhere in the aftermath of Brexit.    ’ ’    ’ ’  ’ ’  ’ ’   ’ ’  ’",Business Insider,2016-07-04,2016-07,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
97,"  LONDON  —   If anyone still needed a reminder that the phrase “it can’t happen here” should be struck from the lexicon of 2016, Britain’s historic Brexit referendum provided one more dramatic piece of evidence. The question is how Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump and their allies interpret the results of what did happen here. The decision by British voters to take a leap into the unknown by severing ties with the European Union is by no means a reliable predictor of the eventual outcome of the presidential election in the United States. But neither was it an event without larger meaning. Frustration with political elites knows no borders today. There are signs of it across Europe, just as there have been signs of it in the United States in recent campaign cycles. What erupted here this week is stirring elsewhere. It has defied conventional thinking and disrupted conventional analyses. Who’s to say there are no more significant shocks ahead? Here’s one example of a connection between what happened in Britain and the rise of Trump in the United States: In Britain, nearly the entire political establishment was aligned in favor of staying in the European Union. The “remain” campaign was in some measure an effort by these political elites to scare    voters with dire forecasts about what a   economy might look like that included threats of spending cuts and higher taxes. But when voters went to the polls, in a huge turnout, they either weren’t afraid of those forecasts or didn’t believe what they had heard because they had given up on the political leaders of their country. In either case, it was an explicit rejection of what they were being told and an embrace of their own instincts and personal experiences.       [Brexit vote brings swift consequences and a Cameron resignation]  How does that relate to the presidential campaign? Ask Peter Hart, the Democratic pollster who has been conducting focus groups of Republicans, Democrats and independents in this and previous campaign cycles under the auspices of the Annenberg Public Policy Center of the University of Pennsylvania. Outside Pittsburgh last week, he assembled a group of voters who fit the model of potential supporters of Trump. The session came after Trump had experienced a series of   wounds  —   bad enough, Hart believed, to give people pause about supporting the New York billionaire. What he found instead were people who were far more forgiving than he had expected. They were willing to ignore or dismiss his gaffes, to explain away his mistakes and to focus instead on something he did that they liked. “It just shocked me,” he said. The Brexit vote is the kind of event that should make both the Clinton and Trump campaigns pause and take notice. As they began to respond Friday, it was clear that both had seized on aspects of the British result that reinforced some of their basic instincts. Clinton issued a carefully worded statement respecting the decision of the British voters to break with the E. U. while restating the importance of the   relationship between the two allies. She also said this as a way of trying to discredit her opponent: “This time of uncertainty only underscores the need for calm, steady, experienced leadership in the White House to protect Americans’ pocketbooks and livelihoods, to support our friends and allies, to stand up to our adversaries, and to defend our interests. ”  [Continuing updates on Brexit and the fallout]    British travelers in a Paris train station have mixed reactions to the outcome of the historic referendum back home to leave the European Union. (Reuters)   Trump also touched on the close ties between the United States and Britain, but his statement highlighted themes quite different from Clinton’s, themes straight from his own message. “The people of the United Kingdom have exercised the sacred right of all free peoples,” he said. “They have declared their independence from the European Union and have voted to reassert control over their own politics, borders and economy. ” Arriving for the grand opening of his refurbished golf course in Scotland, Trump put it more bluntly. “They took their country back,” he said. “That’s a great thing. ” David Axelrod, the chief strategist in President Obama’s two campaigns, said some caution is needed in interpreting the meaning of the Brexit vote before knowing what, if anything, it means for American politics. But he cited two things of note for Clinton. “One is, if this has negative implications for the U. S. economy between now and November, that’s a bad thing” for Clinton, he said. “Two, if it creates a sense of instability, that may be a good thing [for her] in an election where there’s a great deal of concern about whether Trump is up to handling crises. ” Trump ally Newt Gingrich, the former speaker of the House, cast the Brexit vote as an almost wholly positive outcome for the presumptive Republican nominee. “This vote is about national identity. It is about   in Brussels. It is about immigration, and it is about the right to promote your own future,” he said.  [Trump celebrates Brexit vote on trip to Scotland]  Gingrich added: “So Trump gets up this morning and says, ‘    set your own destiny, fight for your own economic future and quit letting foreigners tell you what to do.’ That’s where Brexit works for him. ” Gingrich said Clinton can’t plan to fall back on her experience or a claim to be steadier in a crisis to counter Trump’s populist appeal. He pointed to her advocacy of intervention in Libya, her call for a reset with Russia and other aspects of her tenure as secretary of state. “She has a record,” he said. “She’s not just a candidate being reinvented. ” Axelrod conceded that in an   environment, Clinton would have difficultly presenting herself as a change candidate: “At the end of the day, what she’s selling is confidence, stability, seriousness. . . . [Trump] certainly has tapped into those primal forces. The question is whether they’re strong enough to overcome serious questions about his temperament and preparedness. ”  [What Brexit says about Trump’s chances]  Conventional thinking suggests that Trump will somehow disqualify himself in the eyes of too many voters, a novice politician who doesn’t take seriously enough the role and responsibility of being a presidential nominee. But Hart said, “Obviously, if he has something to say, there’s an audience willing to listen to him. ” The parallels between Brexit and the U. S. presidential election only go so far. One is an    vote on a proposition, an idea, an action. The other involves more complicated judgments about individual candidates. Brexit was decided on the basis of a tally of the popular vote. Presidential races are decided by political geography and electoral votes. But the broader message from the Brexit vote goes beyond the economic and political turmoil it has touched off here. This is a time of political instability in which the old anchors and guideposts have been dramatically weakened. Politicians who ignore this, who think conventionally, who don’t find ways to understand and address it, will be taking foolish and unnecessary risks.  Read more:         Today’s coverage from Post correspondents around the world  ",Washington Post,2016-06-24,2016-06,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
98,"LONDON  —   For those blithely inclined toward the view that Britain would somehow find a way to sever its relationship with the European Union free of drama or financial consequences  —   like canceling a car rental reservation, with a tad more paperwork  —   Friday was a sobering day of reckoning. As the British pound plunged some 6 percent against the American dollar in the span of two minutes in early trading in Asia, the markets offered a reminder that divorce tends to be messy, expensive and laced with uncertainties. It rarely ends happily. The selling was so frenzied and swift that those who swap currencies for a living spoke of computerized transactions going haywire, rogue algorithms at work or a data entry error. The drop in the value of the pound appeared excessive, and it soon recovered some losses, though the British currency was down about 17 percent  —   around 25 cents  —   since June 23, the day Britain voted to abandon Europe. More than anything, though, the precipitous drop seemed to attest to an increasingly unmistakable reality: Britain’s vote to exit the European Union  —   Brexit, in common parlance  —   has put its commercial relationships with the world on uncertain and potentially perilous ground. That poses risks for the British economy, making its money less attractive to hold. “The world believes that the U. K. is going to be poorer in the future, and find it more expensive to trade,” said Paul Johnson, the director of the Institute for Fiscal Studies, an independent research institution in London. “Essentially, the world is betting against the pound. ” And against the British economy. The immediate cause of the plunge appeared to be a speech by the French president, François Hollande, on Thursday evening in Paris, in which he endorsed the view that Britain must be forced to swallow unpalatable terms of departure to discourage other European Union members from eyeing the exits. “The U. K. has decided to do a Brexit, I believe even a hard Brexit,” Mr. Hollande said. “Well, then, we must go all the way through the U. K.’s willingness to leave the E. U. We have to have this firmness. “If not,” he continued, “we would jeopardize the fundamental principles of the E. U. Other countries would want to leave the E. U. to get the supposed advantages without the obligations. ” Hard Brexit, Soft Brexit, Brexit Over Easy. No one really knows what these terms mean (and the last one is made up). But, crudely, they divide potential outcomes into the ones in which Britain maintains effective inclusion within Europe’s single market  —   a realm sprawling from Ireland to Romania, holding some 500 million people  —   and the ones in which Britain winds up outside. Mr. Hollande’s line echoed a speech given by  Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany earlier that day. The week began with an admission from Britain’s new Conservative prime minister, Theresa May, that access to the European market is likely to be a casualty of Britain’s pursuit of a primary aspiration expressed in the Brexit vote: imposing limits on immigration. European leaders have been resolute that free movement of people across the borders of member nations is a nonnegotiable cost of admission in the common market. But Brexiteers had steadfastly maintained the illusion that Britain could have it both ways  —   that it could retain access to the European market while still controlling immigration. In destroying that idea, the prime minister’s admission badly rattled the markets. The stakes are considerable. Britain ships nearly half its exports to other European Union members. The giants of global banking have turned London into a financial center rivaling New York, using hubs here to extend their reach across the rest of the European market. Investment has poured into Britain from around the world, as major manufacturers have set up factories so they can sell their wares across Europe without incurring tariffs. To one degree or another  —   and no one really knows how much  —   Brexit puts all of this in play. Negotiations between Britain and Europe are expected to commence sometime early next year. Whatever settlement results must be ratified by the remaining members of the European Union, meaning that Britain’s economic prospects are now tethered to the vagaries of domestic politics in 27 other countries. None of these risks were unforeseen. During a fractious campaign leading up to the referendum, great reams of paper were released sketching out the potential effects on the British economy should voters opt to leave. Reports varied on details and degree, but they nearly unanimously concluded that Brexit would entail economic pain. The British Treasury surveyed the trading arrangements the government might strike with Europe after a Brexit vote and concluded it could lop some 6. 2 percent off the gross domestic product by 2030. That would leave the average household worse off by about 4, 300 pounds a year (at the current, depressed exchange rate, about $5, 300). But those campaigning to leave dismissed such talk as fearmongering. They described a swashbuckling and reinvigorated Britain that would break free from a stagnating Europe  —   the land of unemployed children moving in with their parents  —   to instead focus on improving trade with   countries like China, India and the United States. Since the vote, those who urged leaving Europe have pointed to the facts that the sun still rises and the earth still spins to declare validation. Even as the pound has fallen against the dollar, consumer spending has generally held up along with employment. Economic growth has yet to be hit. Boutiques and   restaurants in London remain packed. Some have focused on the upsides of a declining pound, which makes British exports cheaper on world markets and renders Britain a more affordable tourist destination. But this misses the fact that nearly   of the goods and services consumed in Britain are imported. In dollar terms, the price of those goods and services is spiking. Eventually, economists assume, this inflation will work its way through the economy, further depressing growth by crimping consumer spending and potentially sowing unemployment. During the campaign, those in favor of leaving offered assurance that, whatever resulted, Britain would ultimately secure a beneficial trade deal with Europe. Germany sells vast quantities of cars to British consumers, giving it every incentive to keep trade flowing unimpeded by tariffs. As the largest economy in the union, Germany would hold the cards. But in her speech on Thursday, Ms. Merkel took direct aim at that argument, telling a gathering of industry leaders that any wavering on the principle of free movement of people would pose “a systemic challenge for the entire European Union. ” The sudden plummeting of the pound appeared to signal that investors were absorbing the intricacies of this dynamic, and seeing through the Brexiteers’ claims that Britain could impose limits on immigration while also negotiating a settlement with Europe that would maintain access to the common market. Boris Johnson, the former London mayor who campaigned for leaving the European Union and is now foreign secretary, managed last week to maintain the government line while simultaneously making fun of the charade. “Our policy is having our cake and eating it,” he told the British tabloid, The Sun. But on Sunday, as Prime Minister May addressed a gathering of her governing Conservative Party in Birmingham, she essentially dumped the cake in the bin. “We have voted to leave the European Union and become a fully independent, sovereign country,” Mrs. May declared. “We will do what independent, sovereign countries do. We will decide for ourselves how we control immigration. ” In short, a “hard Brexit” appeared to be in Britain’s future. “Somehow, a whole combination of people were in denial up until now,” said Adam S. Posen, a former member of the   committee at the Bank of England, and now president of the Peterson Institute for International Economics in Washington. “There were the people who thought Brexit would be reversed,” he continued. “There were the people who delusionally thought there would be a soft Brexit, and all the northern Europeans would be nice to them. And there were people who believed that this crew in charge of the British negotiations were somehow going to strike a good deal. All of the delusions have run out of material. ”",New York Times,2017-03-19,2017-03,0,1,0,0,1,0,0,0,1
99,"As Britons vote tomorrow to Brexit from or Bremain in the European Union, three prominent Conservative members of the House of Lords strongly argue that Great Britain should exit the   continental superstate. As it happens, many Americans know these lords, or at least their work. “Brexit is about freedom,” says Lord Dobbs of Wylye. “That’s an American cry. ” “The U. S. was built of the people, by the people, for the people, but tragically the EU is now something that’s done to the people,” says Dobbs, currently executive producer of the   Netflix series. “That’s why it’s not working and has become so unpopular across Europe. Its currency is incoherent. It has no effective borders, along with a desperately weak foreign policy and an economy in   decline. ” RELATED: England’s Brexit Issues Mirror Our Own  “Britain’s bid to liberate itself from a centralized,      regime with a bureaucratic surplus and a democratic deficit, is a vital moment in world history. It’s a version of 1989,” says Viscount Matt Ridley, a trained zoologist and author of The Rational Optimist: How Prosperity Evolves, Genome: The Autobiography of a Species in 23 Chapters and other recent books championed by libertarians and other free thinkers. His majestic home address  —   Blagdon Hall, Seaton Burn, Newcastle  —   screams, “Masterpiece Theater. ” “We signed a great charter, fought a civil war and hosted a ‘glorious revolution’ to establish the principle that laws cannot be passed nor taxes raised except with the consent of the people in Parliament,” says Ridley. “Yet today the wholly unelected European Commission originates 59 percent of our laws. That’s what we are seeking to change. ” For Lord Borwick of Hawkshead, breaking with the EU would let Britain escape absurdity. “The Euro is central to the future of Europe, as laid out in the Five Presidents Report, the European Commission’s blueprint for the development of the EU,” says Lord Borwick. “A challenge to the reader is to name any successful organization in the world with five presidents simultaneously, let alone one which is actually proud of having five. ” EDITORIAL: Why Britons Should Vote to Leave the EU, Before he became an elected hereditary member of the House of Lords (really) Jamie Borwick enjoyed a successful business career, most notably as chief executive of Manganese Bronze Holdings. Though it sounds like a mining company, Manganese Bronze manufactures London’s stately black taxicabs. Borwick also was   treasurer. These parliamentarians regard Brussels as a bottomless font of rules and regulations that are doubly noisome: They are imposed from overseas and usually are ridiculous, to boot. Brussels’s War on Vaping has inflamed Ridley. “The rapid growth of the   market in Britain  —   where 2. 8 million   now vape instead  —   has been accompanied by an explosion of new small companies and new technologies to find the best vaping devices,” says Ridley. “It is saving lives on a massive scale. So what does the EU do? At the behest of the big pharmaceutical companies (which like making prescription products for tobacco replacement, like gums and patches) it passes a new directive trying to strangle this industry at birth. ” Ridley adds, “The result is that the decline of smoking may stop or reverse, and thousands of lives will be lost. . . . These Brussels regulators just cannot help themselves they have a mindset that everything which is not compulsory must be forbidden. ” Share article on FacebookshareTweet A different kind of steam has Borwick hot under his ermine collar. “The EU’s plan to stop us from using   kettles would significantly increase the time it would take to make a cup of tea,” says Borwick. “To an Englishman, that is sacrilege. A slower cup of tea may be preferable to tea ending up in Boston Harbor, perhaps, but this is a clear example of unnecessary meddling, seeking to curb our energy use. ” These three lords believe that Brexit would bring America and Great Britain closer together, in terms of economics and security. POLL: Should Britain Vote for Brexit? The   Special Relationship, will become “much more special, as we are going to need the help of our best friend when going through a messy divorce,” Borwick predicts. “Maybe you will advise that we never should have entered that dubious relationship with 27 others in the first place, and you will be right. ” “Leaving the EU would mean Britain no longer discriminates in trade, science, migration, and security against its oldest ally,” says Ridley. “We would find ourselves on the same side of most of the great issues in the world. We would be, once again, your staunchest ally. Never underestimate how much the Eurocrats of Brussels see America as their enemy. ” Brexit would help America win the War on Terror, these lords contend. “Values! Ideals! Freedoms! Those are the weapons that will destroy militant Islamism, just as Western values of liberty, justice, and democracy helped bring Communism to its knees,” says Dobbs. “But we need strong defenses and strong borders, too. The EU doesn’t have them. It’s time to press the reset button. Brexit will make everyone think again, force us to ask if there is a better way. And the answer is, ‘Yes, there is. ’” “In the words of a former head of Interpol, the free movement of people in Europe is like hanging a huge welcome sign to terrorists,” says Ridley. “As we saw in Paris (twice) and Brussels, radical Islamic terrorism has taken root in Europe and is a threat to us all. Britain leaving would help to force the rest of Europe to take this issue more seriously. ” “Radical Islamic terrorism will only be defeated by trade and education, and the most powerful force for good ever devised, ‘Sex, and drugs, and Rock ’n’ Roll,’” says Borwick. “Wealth and education will expose the evil idiocy of medieval mullahs. So, rather than prop up the fatally flawed euro with all our political will, we should concentrate on making friends with people who need our help in the Middle East. ” RELATED: Brexit and British Exceptionalism, The   campaign was on a roll until June 16. That’s when an assassin named Tommy Mair fatally stabbed and shot Jo Cox, a Labour member of Parliament and vocal advocate of Bremaining in the EU. The killer reportedly screamed, “Britain first!” as he slayed the    lawmaker. Campaigning on both sides ceased, but not before Mair’s carnage and nationalist slogan unfairly rubbed off on Team Brexit. “The death of anybody at the hands of a nutjob  —   whether the victim be a policeman, a prison warden, an MP, or a person in a bar in Orlando  —   is a dreadful tragedy,” says Borwick. “The stress for Jo Cox’s family is not made any easier by her excellent history of dedication to good causes, but I’m sure her children will still grow up to be proud of her achievements. ” More Brexit The SNP Won’t Let the Issue of Scottish Independence GoAfter the U. K. Election, Expect Brexit to Continue ApaceBrexit Is an Embrace of the Global Economy’s New GeographySince this horrific tragedy poll numbers showed Brexit losing ground, although things now appear to have firmed back up to a virtual tie. However, these figures could be distorted by response bias: Voters may be giving pollsters the   answers that they think are “fashionable. ” But they may do the less “fashionable” thing once protected by their secret ballots. This could yield a Brexit victory. For Lord Dobbs, the whole point of Thursday’s vote is reflected in the vote itself. “Herr Schauble, the German finance minister, recently said that ‘Elections change nothing.’ And sadly, terrifyingly, he is increasingly correct,” says Lord Dobbs. “The Europe Union is run by officials and commissioners. No one elects them, and it’s almost impossible to fire them. I want people to get back that fundamental democratic right to sack their government  —   that blessed liberty to send in the removal trucks. As one elderly lady told me, looking me straight in the eye, ‘Better our idiots than their autocrats. ’”,",National Review,2016-06-22,2016-06,0,1,0,1,0,0,1,0,0
